[ setting : nightclub ]
jerry : i 'm always in traffic with the lane expert . you know this type of person ? constantly reevaluating their lane choice .. never quite sure , `` is this the best lane for
me ? for my life ? '' they 're always a little bit ahead of you , `` can i get in over there ? could i get in over here ? could i get in there ? '' `` yeah , come on over here , pal .
we 're zoomin ' over here . this is the secret lane , nobody knows about it .. '' the ultimate , i think the ultimate psychological test of traffic is the total dead stop . not
even rolling . and you look out the window , you can see gum clearly . so we know that in the future traffic will get even worse than that . i mean , what will happen ?
will it start moving backwords , i wonder ? i mean , is that possible ? that someday we 'll be going `` boy , this is some really bad traffic now , boy . this , is really bad .
i 'm gon na try to get off and get back on going the other way . ''
[ setting : jerry 's car ]
george : she ca n't kill me right ? !
jerry : no , of course not .
george : people break up all the time .
jerry : everyday .
george : it just did n't work out . what can i do ? i wanted to love her . i tried to love her . i could n't .
jerry : you tried .
george : i kept looking at her face . i 'd go : `` c'mon , love her . love her ! ''
jerry : did you tell her you loved her ?
george : oh , i had no choice . she squeezed it out of me ! she 'd tell me she loved me . alright , at first , i just look at her . i 'd go `` oh , really ? '' or `` boy , that 's , that 's
something . '' but , eventually you have to come back with `` well , i love you . '' you know , you can only hold out for so long ! ''
jerry : you 're a human being .
george : and i did n't even ask her out . she asked me out first . she called me up . what was i supposed to do ? say no ? i ca n't do that to someone .
jerry : you 're too nice a guy .
george : i am . i 'm a nice guy .. ( realizing ) and she seduced me ! we were in my apartment , i 'm sitting on the couch , she 's on the chair - i get up to go to the
bathroom , i come back , she 's on the couch . what am i supposed to do ? not do anything ? i could n't do that . i would 've insulted her .
jerry : you 're flesh and blood .
george : i had nothing to do wtih any of this ! i met all her friends , i did n't want to meet them . i kept trying to avoid it . i knew it would only get me in deeper . but
they were everywhere ! they kept popping up , all over the place . `` this is nancy , this is susan , this is amy .. this is my cousin .. this is my brother .. thisis my father . ''
it 's like i 'm in quicksand .
jerry : i told you when i met her ..
george : my back is killing me .
jerry : you got ta go to my chiropractor , he 's the best .
george : oh yeah , everybody 's guy is the best .
jerry : i 'm gon na make an appointment for you . we 'll go together .
george : please . they do n't do anything .. look , do i have to break up with her in person ? ca n't i do it over the phone ? i have no stomach for these things .
jerry : you should just do it like a band-aid . one motion ! right off !
( car door opens , it 's elaine )
elaine : hi .
jerry : hi .
( george pulls his seat forward to allow elaine into the back seats )
elaine : hey , what are you doing ?
george : i 'm letting you in .
elaine : oh no . no . i do n't want to sit in the back . i 'll be left out of the conversation .
george : no , you wo n't .
elaine : yes , i will , george . i 'll have to sick my chin on top of the seat .
george : okay ..
( george gets out , and gestures for elaine to sit in the seat )
elaine : why ca n't you sit in the middle ?
george : please , it does n't look good . boy , boy , girl .
elaine : i think you 're afraid to sit next to a man . you 're a little homophobic , are n't you ?
george : is it that obvious ?
( elaine sits in the middle )
elaine : hello , jerry .
jerry : hello .
elaine : did you get a haircut ?
jerry : no , shower . so , where are we eating ?
elaine : tell me if you think this is strange : there 's this guy who lives in my building , who i was introduced to a couple of years ago by a friend . he 's a teacher , or
something . anyway , after we met , whenever we 'd run into each other on the street , or in the lobby , or whatever , we would stop and we would chat a little .. nothing
much . little pleasantries . he was a nice guy , he 's got a family .. then after a while , i noticed there was not more stopping . just saying hello and continuing on our way .
and then the verbal hellos stopped , and we just went into these little sort of nods of recognition . so , fine . i figure , that 's where this relationship is finally gon na settle :
polite nodding . then one day , he does n't nod . like i do n't exist ? ! he went from nods to nothing .
george : ( imitating tony bennett ) `` you know , i 'd go from nods to nothing .. ''
elaine : and now , there 's this intense animosity whenever we passs . i mean , it 's like we really hate each other . it 's based on nothing .
jerry : a relationship is an organism . you created this thing and then you starved it so it turned against you . same thing happened to the blob .
george : i think you absolutely have to say something to this guy . confront him .
elaine : really ?
george : yes .
elaine : you would do that ?
george : if i was a different person .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ; jerry 's on the phone ]
jerry : hello .. hello . is glenn there ? i 'm sorry . is this 805-555-3234 ? .. yes , i know i have the wrong number . but i just want to know if i dialed wrong or if ..
( other guy hangs up on jerry ; he redials ; enter kramer )
( the buzzer buzzes ; kramer answers it )
kramer : come on up .
jerry : ( into phone ) oh , it 's you again . see ? now if you had answered me , i would n't have had to do this . now that 's too long distance calls i made to you why
ca n't you .. ( guy hangs up on jerry again ) . ( to kramer ) why ? why do they just hang up like that ? ! thank you very much .
( kramer holds up cantaloupe )
kramer : taste this .
jerry : no , i just had a sandwich .
kramer : no , taste it . taste it .
jerry : i do n't want cantaloupe now .
kramer : you 've never had cantaloupe like this before .
jerry : i only eat cantaloupe at certain times .
kramer : jerry . this is great cantaloupe .
jerry : alright .. ( tastes it )
kramer : ah , huh . it 's good ?
jerry : it 's very good .
kramer : good , huh ?
jerry : good .
kramer : i got it at joe 's .
jerry : uh-huh .
kramer : forty-nine cents a pound . that 's practically half than what you 're paying at the supermarket . i do n't know why you do n't go to joe 's .
jerry : it 's too far .
kramer : it 's three blocks further . you can use my shopping cart ..
jerry : i 'm not pulling a shopping cart . what am i suppose to wear ? a kerchief ? put stockings on and roll 'em down below my knee ?
kramer : see , the other thing is , if you do n't like anything , he takes it right back .
jerry : i do n't return fruit . fruit is a gamble . i know that going in .
( enter george ; he 's extremely excited - he 's dancing around the room , singing the zorba theme )
george : i 'm outta there . i did it ! it 's over .
jerry : you did it ? what happened ?
george : i told her . in the kitchen - which was risky 'cause it 's near all the knives . i started with the word `` listen . ''
jerry : ah ha .
george : i said , `` listen marlene , '' and then the next thing i know , i 'm in the middle of it . and there 's this voice inside of me going : `` you 're doing it ! you 're doing
it ! '' and then she started to cry , and i weakened a bit . i almost relented , but the voice , jerry . the voice said `` keep going , keep going . you 're almost out ! '' it 's like i
was making a prison break , you know . and i 'm heading for the wall , and i trip and i twist my ankle , and they throw the light on you , you know . so , somehow i get
though the crying and i keep running . then the cursing started . she 's firing at me from the guard tower : `` son of a bang ! son of a boom ! '' i get to the top of the wall -
the front door . i opened it up , i 'm one foot away , i took one last look around the penitentiary , and i jumped !
jerry : see , it 's never as bad as you imagine .
kramer : i liked marlene . what 's her number ?
george : no , i , i do n't think so .
( kramer stants making noises while eating )
jerry : could you stop that smacking ?
kramer : george , i want you to taste this cantaloupe .
george : oh no , thank you .
kramer : it 's the best cantaloupe i ever had .
george : no , really . no , no , thanks .
kramer : jerry , tell him how good this cantaloupe is .
jerry : it 's very good cantaloupe . ( changing subject ) so that 's it ? you 're out ?
george : except for one small problem . i left some books in her apartment .
jerry : so , go get them .
george : oh , no . no , i ca n't go back there . jerry , it 's so awkward and , you know , it could be dangerous - sexually . something could happen , i 'd be right back
where i started .
jerry : so forget about the books . did you read them ?
george : well , yeah .
jerry : what do you need them for ?
george : i do n't know . they 're books .
jerry : what is this obsession people have with books ? they put them in their houses - like they 're trophies . what do you need it for after you read it ?
george : they 're my books .
jerry : so you want me to get those books ? is that it ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
( jerry and marlene are sitting , a pile of books are on the table . )
marlene : .. so , it must 've been ninety-five degrees that night , and everyone 's just standing around the pool with little drinks in their hands . i was wearing my old
jeans and t-shirt . and i do n't know , i was just in one of those moods - so i said to myself , `` marlene , just do it , '' and i jumped in . and as i 'm getting out , i feel all
these eyes on me , and i look up and everyone is just staring at me .
jerry : so what 'd you do ?
marlene : well , nothing . it 's not skin off my hide if people like to look . i just did n't see what the big attraction was .
jerry : well , i have a general idea what it was . i could take a guess .
marlene : ( laughs ) hey , you know , jerry , just because george and i do n't see each other anymore , it does n't mean we should n't stay friends .
jerry : no .
marlene : good enough . i 'm really glad we got that settled .
( scene ends )
[ setting : chiropractor waiting room ]
jerry : ( irritated ) i do n't know how this happened .
george : jerry , it 's not my fault .
jerry : no , no . it 's not your fault . books , books , i need my books . have you re-read those books yet , by the way ? you know the great thing ? when you read
moby dick the second time , ahab and the whale become good friends . you know , it 's not like marlene 's a bad person or anything , but , my god ! i mean , we 've
had like three lunches and a movie . and she never stops calling . ( george nods - he knows exactly what jerry 's talking about ) and it 's these meaningless ,
purposeless , blather calls . she never asks if i 'm busy or anything . i just pick up the phone and she 's in the middle of a sentence .
george : that 's standard . has she left you one of those messages where she uses up the whole machine ?
jerry : ohh .. you know , and sometimes she 'll go , `` hello , jerry ? '' and i 'll go `` oh , hi marlene . '' and then it 's `` jerry .. ''
george : what about getting off the phone ?
jerry : ohhhh .. you ca n't . it 's impossible . there 's no break in the conversation where you can go , `` alright , then .. `` you know , it just goes on and on and on with
out a break in the wall . i mean , i got ta put a stop to this .
george : just do it like a band-aid . one motion , right off ! she is sexy though . do n't you think ?
jerry : yeah . yes , she is .
( receptionist enters )
receptionist : mr. costanza ?
george : yeah .
receptionist : the doctor 'll see you now .
george : ( to jerry , sarcastically ) yeah , doctor . i 'm going to have to wait in that little room by myself , are n't i ? ( picks up a crossword puzzle ) i better take this . i
hate the little room . `` oh , hello , doctor . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : waiting room . i hate when they make you wait in the room . 'cause it says `` waiting room . '' there 's no chance of not waiting , 'cause they call it the waiting
room , they 're going to use it . they 've got it . it 's all set up for you to wait . and you sit there , you know , and you 've got your little magazine . you pretend you 're
reading it , but you 're really looking at the other people . you know , you 're thinking about about them things like `` i wonder what he 's got . as soon as she goes , i 'm
getting her magazine . '' and then , they finally call you and it 's a very exciting moment . they finally call you , and you stand up and you kinda look around at the other
people in the room . `` well , i guess i 've been chosen . i 'll see you all later . '' you know , so you think you 're going to see the doctor , but you 're not , are you ? no .
you 're going into the next waiting room . the littler waiting room . but if they are , you know , doing some sort of medical thing to you , you want to be in the smallest
room that they have , i think . you do n't wnat to be in the largest room that they have . you know what i mean ? you ever see these operating theaters , that they have ,
with like , stadium seating ? you do n't want them doing antying to you that makes other doctors go , `` i have to see this ! '' `` are you kidding ? are they really gon na do
that to him ? '' `` are there seats ? can we get in ? '' do they scalp tickets to these things ? `` i got two for the winslow tumor , i got two .. ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : waiting room ]
( george returns )
jerry : so , how was it ?
george : i was in there for two minutes . he did n't do anything . ( imitating doctor ) touch this , feel that . seventy-five bucks .
jerry : well , it 's a first visit .
george : what 's seventy-five bucks ? what , am i seeing sinatra in there ? ! amd i being entertained ? i do n't understand this . i 'm only paying half .
jerry : you ca n't do that .
george : why not ?
jerry : he 's a doctor . you got ta pay what he says .
george : oh , no , no , no . i pay what i say .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's car ]
marlene : are you feeling weird ?
jerry : no , i 'm fine .
marlene : nothing really happened .
jerry : yeah , i know .
marlene : we just kissed a little . people kiss .
jerry : yeah .
marlene : well .. night .
( leans over and kisses jerry )
jerry : good night .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( kramer enters with a golf club )
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : i got it ! this time , i got it !
jerry : alright .
kramer : hips ! see , it 's all hips .
jerry : uh-huh .
kramer : you got ta come through with the hips first . ( demonstrates )
jerry : that is out there .
( kramer notices jerry 's eating cantaloupe , his eyes light up )
kramer : joe 's ?
jerry : no , supermarket .
kramer : well , is it good ?
jerry : it 's okay .
kramer : let me taste it . ( takes a bite , spits it out ) see , that stinks . you ca n't eat that . you should take it back .
jerry : i 'm not taking it back .
kramer : alright , i 'll take it back . i 'm going by there .
jerry : i do n't care about it .
kramer : jerry , you should care . cantaloupe like this should be taken out of circulation .
jerry : alright . take it back .
( phone rings , jerry is reluctant to answer it )
jerry : ( on his answering machine ) leave a message , i 'll call you back .
marlene : ( leaving a message ) jerry , have you ever taken a bath in the dark ? if i 'm not talking into the soap right now , call me back .
kramer : well ?
jerry : marlene
kramer : ( smiles ) oh . oh , marlene .
jerry : yeah , i took her home one night - we kinda started up a little bit in the car .
kramer : i thought you were trying to get rid of her ?
jerry : i was . she 's got me , like , hypnotized .
kramer : does george know ?
jerry : no , he 'd go nuts .
kramer : yeah , no kidding .
jerry : i feel terrible . ( kramer smiles ) i mean , i 've seen her a couple of times since then , and i know i ca n't go any further , but .. i 've just got this like ,
psycho-sexual hold over me . i just want her , i ca n't breathe . it 's like a drug .
kramer : woah , psycho-sexual .
jerry : i do n't know how i 'm going to tell him .
kramer : man , i do n't understand people . i mean , why would george want to deprive you of pleasure ? is it just me ?
jerry : it 's partially you , yeah .
kramer : you 're his friend . better that she should sleep with someone else . some jerk that he does n't even know .
jerry : well , he ca n't kill me , right ?
kramer : you 're a human being .
jerry : i mean , she called me . i have n't called her . she started it .
kramer : you 're flesh and blood .
jerry : i 'm a nice guy .
( enter elaine , she 's holding a lamp )
elaine : hi . ( hands jerry the lamp )
jerry : oh , my little airplane lamp .
elaine : you know , you have the slowest elevator in the entire city ? that 's hard to get used to when you 're in so many other fast ones .
jerry : well , the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices , because you do n't have to be home on time .
elaine : unless you 're married to a dictator ..
jerry : yeah .. because they would be very demanding people .
elaine : right . exactly . so i imagine at some point , somebody 's going to offer me some cantaloupe .
kramer : nope . no good .
jerry : well , you know what they say : luck in love , unlucky with fruit .
kramer : well , i 'm taking this back . ( leaves )
elaine : so , i had what you might call a little encounter this morning .
jerry : really ? that guy who stopped saying hello ?
elaine : yep .
jerry : you talked to him ?
elaine : yep . i spotted him getting his mail . and at first , i was just going to walk on by , but then i thought `` no , no , no , no . do not be afraid of this man . ''
jerry : right .
elaine : so , i walked up behind him and i tapped him on the shoulder . and i said , `` hi , remember me ? '' and he furrows his brow as if he 's really trying to figure it
out . so i said to him , i said , `` you little phony . you know exactly who i am . ''
jerry : `` you little phony '' ?
elaine : i did . i most certainly did . and he said , he goes , `` oh , yeah . you 're jeanette 's friend . we did meet once . '' and i said , `` well , how do you go from that to
totally ignoring a person when they walk by ? ''
jerry : amazing .
elaine : and he says , he says , `` look , i just did n't want to say hello anymore , alright ? '' and i said , `` fine . fine i did n't want to say hello anymore either , but i
wanted you to know that i 'm aware of it . ''
( elaine tastes some cantaloupe )
jerry : you are the queen of confrontation . you 're my new hero . in fact , you 've inspired me . i 'm gon na call george about something right now .
elaine : this cantaloupe stinks . ( spits it out )
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
george : i do n't care .
jerry : you 're kidding .
george : no , i do n't care .
jerry : you mean that ?
george : absolutely .
jerry : you do n't care ?
george : no .
jerry : how could you not care ?
george : i do n't know . but i do n't . i 'm actually almost happy to hear it .
jerry : i thought you 'd be upset .
george : i guess i should be but i 'm not .
jerry : am i a bad person ? did i do something terrible ?
george : no , you 're a fine person . you 're a humanitarian . she 's very sexy .
jerry : that voice . that voice . she 's driving me crazy .
george : i know , i know .
jerry : so i can see her tonight , and you do n't care ?
george : see her tonight . see her tomarrow . go . knock yourself out . she 's too crazy for me .
jerry : alright . as long as you 're okay . because i ca n't stop thinking about her .
george : i 'm okay . i 'm fine . i 'm wonderful . i never felt better in my whole life .
jerry : good . and i 'll tell you what .. you do n't have to pay me back the thirty-five i gave to the chiropractor for the rest of your bill .
george : ( angry ) you paid that crook ? !
jerry : i had to .
george : he did n't do anything , jerry . it 's a scam ! who told you to do that ?
jerry : it was embarrassing to me .
george : i was trying to make a point .
jerry : why do n't you make a point with your own doctor ? ( george gulps ) what 's wrong ?
george : ( gasping ) i think i swallowed a fly ! .. i swallowed a fly ! what do i do ? what can happen ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's car ]
jerry : .. so , you want to come up for a few minutes ?
marlene : .. i 'm sorry , jerry . i just do n't think this is going to work .
jerry : really ? i thought ..
marlene : i know , i 'm sorry .
jerry : i guess i just did n't expect it from the way you 've been acting .
marlene : you sure you want to talk about this ? 'cause i sure do n't .
jerry : of course i want to talk about it .
marlene : well , okay . i guess things changed for me on tuesday night .
jerry : tuesday night ? what happened tuesday night ?
marlene : .. i saw your act .
jerry : my act ? what does that have to do with anything ?
marlene : well , to be honest , it just did n't make it for me . it 's just so much fluff .
jerry : i ca n't believe this . so what are you saying ? you did n't like my act , so that 's it ?
marlene : i ca n't be with someone if i do n't respect what they do .
jerry : you 're a cashier !
marlene : look , jerry , it 's just not my kind of humor .
jerry : you ca n't go by the audience that night . it was late . they were terrible .
marlene : i heard the material .
jerry : i have other stuff . you should come see me on the weekend .
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : women need to like the job of the guy they 're with . if they do n't like the job , they do n't like the guy . men know this . which is why we make up the phony
bogus names for the jobs that we have . `` well , right now , i 'm the regional management supervisor . '' `` i 'm in development , research , consulting . '' men on the other
hand , if they are physically attracted to a woman are not that concerned with her job . are we ? men do n't really care . men 'll just go , `` really ? slaughterhouse ? is that
were you work ? that sounds interesting . so whatdya got a big cleaver there ? you 're just lopping their heads off ? that sounds great ! listen , why do n't you shower
up , and we 'll get some burgers and catch a movie . ''
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : my parents live in florida now . they moved there last year . they did n't want to move to floriday , but they 're in their sixties , and that 's the law . you know
how it works . they got the leisure police . they pull up in front of the old people 's house with a golf cart , jump out , `` let 's go pop , white belt , white pants , white
shoes , get in the back . drop the snow shovel right there , drop it ! '' i am not much for the family gathering . you know , you sit there , and the conversation 's so boring .
it 's so dull . and you start to fantasize . you know , you think , what if i just got up and jumped out that window ? what would it be like ? just crashed right through the
glass .. you know . come back in , there 's broken glass , everybody 's all upset . `` no , i 'm alright . i was just a little bored , there . no , i 'm fine . i came back . i wanted to
hear a little about that hummel collection , aunt rose . let 's pick it up right there . ''
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's parents are in town . his father 's watching t.v. , his mother is ironing his father 's jackets )
helen : ( to morty ) you have so many nice jackets . i do n't know why you had to bring this jacket . who wears a jacket like this ? ( he does n't respond ) what 's
wrong with that nice gray one ? you have beautiful clothes . they sit in your closet . morty , you ca n't wear - this !
( phone rings )
morty : are you getting that ?
helen : i thought you were getting it .
morty : should i pick up ?
helen : you want me to get that ?
morty : i 'll get it !
helen : i 'll get it !
( they both go for the phone , helen gets to it first )
helen : hello ? .. hello ?
( she hangs up . jerry enters - he 's wearing baseball clothes and carrying a bat and glove )
jerry : ( talking about the loud t.v . ) would you make this thing lower ! i can hear it on the street ! ( turns it off )
morty : so , how 'd you do ?
jerry : we won . i made an incredible play in the field ! there was a tag-up at third base and i threw the guy out from left field on a fly ! we 'll be in the championship
game wednesday because of me . it was the single greatest moment of my life .
helen : this is your greatest moment ? a game ?
jerry : well , no . sharon besser , of course .
morty : you know what my greatest moment was , do n't you ? 1946. i went to work for harry flemming and i came up with the idea for the beltless trench coat .
helen : jerry , look at this sport jacket . is this a jacket to wear to an anniversary party ?
jerry : well , the man 's an individualist . he worked for harry flemming . he knows what he 's doing .
helen : but it 's their 50th anniversary .
morty : you know , i spoke to manya and isaac on the phone today . they invited you again . i think you should go .
jerry : first of all , i made plans with elaine .
helen : so bring her .
jerry : i do n't even know them . what is she , your second cousin ? i mean , i 've met them three times in my life .
morty : i do n't know her either . ( gesturing to helen ) she makes me fly all the way from floriday for this , and then she criticizes my jacket .
helen : at least come and say hello , have a cup of coffee , then you 'll leave .
morty : how come he gets to leave ?
jerry : if i wind up sitting nest to uncle leo , i am leaving . he 's always grabbing my arm when he talks to me . i guess it 's because so many people have left in the
middle of his conversation .
morty : and it 's always about jeffrey , right ?
jerry : hey , he talks about him like he split the atom . the kid works for the parks department .
( enter kramer )
kramer : morty , are you coming in ?
morty : oh , yeah . i forgot all about it .
kramer : ( to jerry ) hey , how 'd you do ?
jerry : we won . we 're in the finals on wednesday ..
kramer : yeah !
jerry : ( to kramer and morty ) what is this about ?
kramer : i 'm completely changing the configuration of the apartment . you 're not gon na believe it when you see it . a whole new lifestyle .
jerry : what are you doing ?
kramer : levels .
jerry : levels ?
kramer : yeah , i 'm getting rid of all my furniture . all of it . and i 'm going to build these different levels , with steps , and it 'll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows . you
know , like ancient egypt .
jerry : you drew up plans for this ?
kramer : no , no . it 's all in my head .
morty : i do n't know how you 're going to be comfortable like that .
kramer : oh , i 'll be comfortable .
jerry : when do you intend to do this ?
kramer : ohh .. should be done by the end of the month .
jerry : you 're doing this yourself ?
kramer : it 's a simple job . why , you do n't think i can ?
jerry : oh , no . it 's not that i do n't think you can . i know that you ca n't , and i 'm positive that you wo n't .
kramer : well , i got the tools . i got the pillows . all i need is the lumber .
morty : hey , that 's some big job .
jerry : i do n't see it happening .
kramer : well , this time , this time you 're wrong . c'mon . i 'll even bet you .
jerry : seriously ?
helen : i dont ' want you betting . morty , do n't let him bet .
kramer : a big dinner with dessert . but i 've got till the end of the month .
jerry : i 'll give you a year .
kramer : no , no , no . end of the month .
jerry : it 's a bet . ( they both `` pinkie swear '' to lock the deal )
( scene ends )
[ setting : manya 's apartment ]
( jerry sits between uncle leo and elaine . leo grabs his choulder )
jerry : seriously , do you wnat to switch chairs ?
elaine : no , no . i 'm fine .
leo : jerry , are you listening to this ?
jerry : yeah , uncle leo .
leo : so , so , now the parks commissioner is recommending jeffrey for a citation .
jerry : right . for reducing the pond scum ?
leo : no , for the walking tours .
jerry : oh , yeah . where the people eat the plant life - the edible foliage tour .
leo : that 's exactly right . he knows the whole history of the park . for two hours he 's talking and answering questions . but you want to know something ? whenever
he has a problem with one of these high-powered big shots in the parks department , you know who he calls ?
jerry : mickey mantle ?
elaine : ( helping him worm out of the conversation with leo ) jerry , jerry . did you taste these peas ? these peas are great !
jerry : ( eating a forkful ) these peas are bursting with country-fresh flavor .
elaine : mmm .. phenomenal peas ..
morty : are you ready for dessert ?
jerry : well , actually , we do have to kind of get going .
manya : ( surprised ) you 're going ?
elaine : i do n't really eat dessert . i 'm dieting .
jerry : yeah , i ca n't eat dessert either . the sugar makes my ankles swell up , and i ca n't dance .
manya : ca n't dance ?
helen : he 's kidding , manya .
manya : is that a joke ?
helen : ( canging subject ) so , did you hear claire 's getting married ?
manya : yeah , yeah ..
helen : i hear the fella owns a couple of racehorses . you know , trotters , like at yonkers .
jerry : horses . they 're like big riding dogs .
elaine : what about ponies ? what kind of abnormal animal is that ? and those kids who had their own ponies ..
jerry : i know , i hated those kids . in fact , i hate anyone that ever had a pony when they were growing up .
manya : .. i had a pony .
( the room is dead quiet )
jerry : .. well , i did n't really mean a pony , per se .
manya : ( angry ) when i was a little girl in poland , we all had ponies . my sister had pony , my cousin had pony , .. so , what 's wrong with that ?
jerry : nothing . nothing at all . i was just merely expressting ..
helen : should we have coffee ? who 's having coffee ?
manya : he was a beautiful pony ! and i loved him .
jerry : well , i 'm sure you did . who would n't love a pony ? who would n't love a person that had a pony ?
manya : you ! you said so !
jerry : no , see , we did n't have ponies . i 'm sure at the time in poland , they were very common . they were probably like compact cars ..
manya : that 's it ! i 've had enough ! ( she leaves the room )
isaac : have your coffee , everyone . she 's a little upset . it 's been an emotional day .
( isaac leaves , everyone looks at jerry )
jerry : i did n't know she had a pony . how was i to know she had a pony ? who figures an immigrant 's going to have a pony ? do you know what the odds are on
that ? i mean , in all the pictures i saw of immigrants on boats coming into new york harbor , i never saw one of them sitting on a pony . why would anybody come
hre if they had a pony ? who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country ? it does n't make sense .. am i wrong ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( morty and helen are leaving , their bags are packed )
jerry : i 'll drive you to the airport .
helen : no , we 're taking a cab .
jerry : i just hope that whole pony incident did n't put a damper on the trip .
helen : do n't be rediculous . it was a misunderstanding .
morty : hey , i agree with him . nobody likes a kid with a pony .
jerry : well , if you ever talk to her , tell her i 'm sorry . elaine too . she feels terrible .
helen : you know , you should give manya a call .
jerry : maybe i will .
( jerry opens his door , kramer 's standing in the hallway )
kramer : oh , hi . i just came to say goodbye . ( gestures to the bags ) .. need any help with those ?
morty : it 's nothing . i got it . so , how are your levels coming along ?
kramer : oh , well .. i decided i 'm not gon na do it .
jerry : ( sarcastically ) really ? what a shock .
helen : goodbye , jerry .
jerry : take care .
helen : we 'll call you . ( leaves )
morty : bye , jer .
jerry : bye , dad . take it easy .
morty : bye , mr. kramer .
kramer : yeah . so long , morty . ( morty leaves )
jerry : so , when do i get my dinner ?
kramer : there 's no dinner . the bet 's off . i 'm not gon na do it .
jerry : yes . i know you 're not gon na do it . that 's why i bet .
kramer : there 's not bet if i ' not doing it .
jerry : that 's the bet ! that you 're not doing it !
kramer : yeah , well , i could do it . i do n't want to do it .
jerry : we did n't bet on if you wanted to . we bet on if it would be done .
kramer : and it could be done .
jerry : well , of course it could be done ! anything could be done ! but it only is done if it 's done . show me the levels ! the bet is the levels .
kramer : but i do n't want the levels !
jerry : that 's the bet ! ( phone rings , jerry answers it ) hello ? .. no , oh , hi .. no , they just left .. oh my god .. hand on a second . maybe i can still catch them . ( jerry
goes over to the window , and opens it . he yells out of it ) ma ! .. ma ! .. up here ! do n't get in the cab ! .. manya died ! .. manya died ! !
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
helen : who did you talk to ?
jerry : uncle leo .
helen : and when 's the funeral ?
jerry : i do n't know . he said he 'd call back .
morty : you know what this means , do n't you ? we lost the supersaver . those tickets are non-refundable .
helen : she just had a check-up . the doctor said she was fine . unless ..
jerry : what ?
helen : what ? nothing .
jerry : you do n't think .. what ? the pony remark ?
helen : oh , do n't be ridiculous . she was an old woman .
jerry : you do n't think that i killed her ?
morty : you know what the flight back 'll cost us ?
jerry : it was just an innocent comment ! i did n't know she had a pony !
morty : maybe we can get an army transport flight . they got a base in sarasota , i think .
jerry : the whole thing ws taking out of context . it was a joke . ( phone rings ) that 's probably uncle leo .
( helen picks it up )
helen : hello ? .. yes , i know .. well , it 's just one of those things .. sure , sure , we 'll see you then . ( hangs up ) the funeral 's wednesday .
jerry : wednesday ? what , what wednesday ?
helen : two o ' clock , wednesday . ( jerry shrugs ) what ?
jerry : i 've got the softball game on wednesday . it 's the championship .
helen : so ? you 're not obligated . go play in your game .
jerry : i did n't even know the woman .
helen : so do n't go .
jerry : i mean i met her three times . i do n't know her last name .
helen : jery , no one 's forcing you .
jerry : i mean , who has a funeral on a wednesday ? that 's what i want to know . i mean , it 's the championship . i 'm hitting everything .
helen : i do n't have a dress to wear . ( to morty ) and you . you do n't have anything .
morty : i got a sport jacket .
helen : you 're not wearing that to a funeral .
morty : what 's wrong with it ?
helen : it looks ridiculous .
morty : what ? i 'm gon na buy a new jacket now ?
jerry : i do n't know what to do .
morty : .. you know what this funeral 's gon na wind up costing me ? oh boy !
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : we do n't understand death . and the proof of this is that we give dead people a pillow . and , uh , i mean , hey , you know . i think if you ca n't stretch out and
get some solid rest at that point , i do n't see how bedding accessories really make the difference . i mean , they got the guy in a suit with a pillow . no is he going to a
meeting , or is he catching forty winks ? i mean , let 's make up our mind where we think they 're going .
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
elaine : i actually like ponies . i was just trying to make conversation . what time 's your game ?
jerry : two forty-five .
elaine : and what time 's the funeral ?
jerry : two o ' clock .
elaine : how long does a funeral take ?
jerry : depends on how nice the person was . but you got ta figure , even oswald took forty-five minutes .
elaine : so you cna't do both ?
jerry : you know , if the situation were reversed and manya had some mah-jongg championship or something , i would n't expect her to go to my funeral . i would
understand .
elaine : how can you even consider not going ?
george : you know , i 've been thinking .. i can not envision any circumstances in which i 'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again . how 's it gon na happen ? i
just do n't see how it could occur .
elaine : you know , funerals always make me think about my own mortality and how i 'm actually going to die someday . me , dead . imagine that .
george : they always make me take stock of my life and how i 've pretty much wasted all of it , and how i plan to continue wasting it .
jerry : i know , and then you say to yourself , `` from this moment on , i 'm not going to waste any more of it . '' but then you go , `` how ? what can i do that 's not
wasting it ? ''
elaine : is this a waste of time ? what should we be doing ? ca n't you hae coffee with people ?
george : you know , i ca n't believe you 're even considering not playing . we need you . you 're hitting everything .
elaine : he has to go . he may have killed her .
jerry : me ? what about you ? you brought up the pony .
elaine : oh , yeah , but i did n't say i hated anyone who had one .
george : ( to jerry ) who 's going to play left field ?
jerry : bender .
george : bender ? he ca n't play left . he stinks . i just do n't see what purpose is it going to serve your going ? i mean , you think dead peole care who 's at the
funeral ? they do n't even know they 're having a funeral . it 's not like she 's hanging out in the back going , `` i ca n't believe jerry did n't show up . ''
elaine : maybe she 's there in spirit . how about that ?
george : if you 're a spirit , and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies , and find out the mysteries of the universe , you think she 's going to want to hang
around drexler 's funeral home on ocean parkway ?
elaine : george , i met this woman ! she is not traveling to any other dimensions .
george : you know how easy it is for dead people to travel ? it 's not like getting on a bus . one second . it 's all mental .
jerry : fifty years they were married . now he 's moving to pheonix .
elaine : phoenix ? what 's happening with his appartment ?
jerry : i do n't know . they 've been in there since , like , world war ii . the rent 's three hundred a month .
elaine : three hundred a month ? oh my god .
( scene ends )
[ setting : funeral home ]
( the eulogy is in progress . jerry attended afterall )
man : although this may seem like a sad even , it should not be a day of mourning .. for manya had a rich , fulfilling life . she grew up in a different world - a simpler
world - with loving parents , a beautiful home in the country , and from what i understand , she eve had a pony .. ( jerry throws his hands up ) oh , how she loved that
pony . even in her declining years , whenever she would speak of it , her eyes would light up . it 's lustrous coat , it 's flowing mane . it was the pride of krakow . ( jery
sinks in his seat )
( scene ends )
[ setting : anteroom of funeral parlor ]
jerry : ( looking at his watch ) well , the game 's starting just about now .
helen : it was good that the two of you came . it was a nice gesture .
( scene cuts to morty talking to an intern )
intern : i 'm not a doctor yet , uncle morty . i 'm just an intern . i ca n't write a note to an airline .
morty : you 've got your degree . they do n't care . they just want to see something .
( scene cuts back to jerry )
jerry : ( to isaac ) i just wanted to say how sorry i was ..
leo : ( interrupting ) jerry , you wan na hear something ? your cousin , jeffrey , is switching parks . they 're transferring him to riverside - so he 'll completely revamp that
operation , you understand ? he 'll do in riverside what he did in central park . it 's more money . so , that 's your cousin .
( scene cuts back to morty )
morty : you do n't understand , i 've never paid a full fare .
jerry : ( to isaac ) once again , i just want to say how sorry i am abou tthe other night .
elaine : oh , me too .
isaac : oh no , no , no . she forgot all about that . she was much mor upset about the potato salad .
elaine : so , i understand you 're moving to phoenix ?
( jerry shake his head and walks away )
isaac : yeah , my brother lives there . i think manya would 've liked phoenix .
elaine : mmm .. gorgeous , exquisite town . who , what 's happening with your apartment ?
isaac : of course it 's very hot there . i ' l lhave to get an air conditioner .
elaine : oh , you can have mine . i 'll ship it out ot you .. but what about that big apartment on west end avenue ?
isaac : although they say it 's a dry heat .
elaine : dry , wet .. what 's happening with your apartment ?
isaac : i do n't even know if i should take my winter clothing .
elaine : i have an idea . leave the winter clothing in the apartment , and i 'll watch it for you and i 'll live there and i 'll make sure that nothing happens to it .
( jerry comes back )
isaac : oh , the apartment . jeffrey 's taking the apartment .
elaine : ( to jerry ) oh , jeffrey .
jerry : ( to elaine ) you know jeffery ?
elaine : yeah , from what i understand , he works for the parks department .
( helen approaches jerry )
helen : it 's raining .
jerry : ( moves to the window ) it 's raining ? it 's raining . the game will be postponed . we 'll play tomarrow .
( scene cuts back to morty )
morty : believe me , i would n't bother you if the army had n't closed that base in sarasota . here , scribble a little something here .
intern : i ca n't . i 'll get in trouble .
morty : oh , for god 's sakes !
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
george : who gets picked off in softball ? it 's unheard of .
jerry : it 's never happend to me before .
elaine : i remember saying to myself , `` why is jerry so far off the base ? ''
jerry : i 'll have to live with this shame for the rest of my life .
george : and they in the fifth inning , why did you take off on the pop fly ?
jerry : i thought there were two outs .
elaine : i could n't believe it when i saw you running . i thought maybe they had changed the rules or something .
jerry : it was the single worst moment of my life .
george : what about sharon besser ?
jerry : oh , well , of course . <UNK> .
elaine : makes you wonder , though , does n't it ?
jerry : wonder about what ?
elaine : you know .. the spirit world .
jerry : you think manya showed up during the game and put a hex on me ?
elaine : i never saw anyone play like that .
jerry : but i went ot the funeral .
elaine : yeah , but that does n't make up for killing her .
george : maybe manya missed the funeral because she was off visiting another galaxy that day .
jerry : do n't you think she would 've heard i was there ?
george : not necessarily . ( elaine laughs )
jerry : who figures and immigrant 's gon na have a pony ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : what is the pony ? what is the point of the pony ? why do we have these animals , these ponies ? what do we do with them ? besides the pony ride . why
ponies ? what are we doing with them ? i mean , police do n't use them for , you know , crowd control . `` hey , uh , you wan na get back behind the barricades . hey !
hey , little boy . yeah , i 'm talking to you . behind the barricades ! '' so somebody , i assume , genetically engineered these ponies . do you think they could make them
any size ? i mean , could they make them like the size of a quarter , if they wanted ? that would be fun for monopoly , though , would n't it ? just have a little pony and
you put him on the , `` baltic , that 's two down , go ahead . hold it . right ther , baltic . yeah , that 's it . fine . right there , hold it right there . ''
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i hate clothes , okay ? i hate buying them . i hate picking them out of my closet . i ca n't stand every day trying to come up with little outfits for myself . i think
eventually fashion wo n't even exist . it wo n't . i think eventually we 'll all be wearing the same thing . 'cause anytime i see a movie or a tv show where there 's people
from the future of another planet , they 're all wearing the same thing . somehow they decided `` this is going to be our outfit . one-piece silver jumpsuit , v-stripe , and
boots . that 's it . '' we should come up for an outfit for earth . an earth outfit . we should vote on it . candidates propose different outfits , no speeches . they walk out ,
twirl , walk off . we just sit in the audience and go , `` that was nice . i could wear that . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : clothing store ]
jerry : i think i 've seen enough .
salesman : well , i might have something in the back .
elaine : the back ? they never find anything in the back . if they had anything good in the back , they 'd put it out in the front .
jerry : why do n't they open up an entire store for the back ? call it , `` just back . '' all back . no front . you walk in the front , you 're immediately in the back . ( picks
up a tie display ) look , elaine , tie car wash .
customer : ( sees the book elaine is holding ) oh , i just read that . that 's terrific .
jerry : ( pointing to elaine ) her father wrote that .
customer : alton benes is your father ?
elaine : yeah .
customer : i always felt he deserved a wider audience .
elaine : i 'm not so sure he wants one . ( customer leaves ) hey , do n't forget sunday , okay ? you and george are coming , right ? hotel westbury , eight o ' clock .
jerry : .. i guess i 'm coming .. i mean ..
elaine : what ? what , you do n't want to go now ?
jerry : no , i 'll go . i 'm going .
elaine : no , jerry , you have to . i need a buffer . you know , i have n't seen my father in a while and .. you know .
jerry : i 'm worried i wo n't be able to talk to him . he 's such a great writer . frankly , i perfer the company of nitwits .
elaine : so , that 's why we 're not togeter anymore .
jerry : ( looks at a jacket ) what is this ? ( holds it up ) this is beautiful .. but these jackets never fit me right .
elaine : try it on . ( feels it ) wow , this is soft suede .
jerry : this may be the most perfect jacket i have ever put on . ( elaine grabs the tag ) how much is it ?
elaine : ( shocked ) oh my god .
jerry : bad ? ( elaine nods ) .. very bad ?
elaine : you have no idea .
jerry : i have some idea .
elaine : no idea .
jerry : i 've got a ballpark .
elaine : there is no park and the team has relocated .
jerry : ( looks at the tag ) .. that is high .
elaine : oh man , that is a beautiful jacket , though .
jerry : ( looking at the insides of the jacket ) what 's with the pink lining and the candy stripes ?
elaine : well , it 's just a lining . you can always have it changed .
jerry : should i get it ? i hate these moments . i 'm hearing the dual voices now , you know . `` what about the money ? '' `` what 's money ? ''
salesman : it looks wonderful on you .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's sitting on his couch wearing his pajamas and his new jacket . he gets up to look at his jacket in the mirror . kramer enters )
jerry : hey .
kramer : hey . new jacket ?
jerry : what do you think ?
kramer : it 's beautiful .
jerry : is it me ?
kramer : that 's definitely you .
jerry : really ?
kramer : that 's more you than you 've ever been . ( starts looking the jacket over ) what is with the pink lining ?
jerry : i do n't know . it 's got a pink lining .
kramer : oh .. so , what did you pay for this ?
jerry : i paid what it costs .
kramer : how much ?
jerry : what 's the difference ?
kramer : what , you 're not gon na tell me ?
jerry : i 'd rather not say it out loud . it 's embarrassing .
kramer : over three hundred ?
jerry : yes , but let 's just stop it right there .
kramer : it 's over four hundred ?
jerry : really , i 'm not answering anymore .
kramer : is it over four hundred ?
jerry : would you ?
kramer : ( finds the tag ) woah , nelson !
jerry : i know , i know .
kramer : ( talking about his old jacket ) what are you gon na do with the leather one ?
jerry : i do n't know .
kramer : well , are you gon na wear it ?
jerry : maybe .
kramer : ( looking over the leather jacket ) you 're not going to wear this .
jerry : do you want it ?
kramer : well , yeah . okay . i 'll take it .. i like the jacket .
jerry : ( takes one last look at the leather jacket ) .. okay , take it .
kramer : good karma for you . ( kramer puts on his new jacket , and stands next to jerry , looking in the mirror . ) oh baby .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( george enters singing `` master of the house '' - a les miserables show tune )
george : `` master of the house .. doling out the charm , ready with a handshake and an open palm . tells a saucy talke , loves to make a stir everyone appreciates a .. ''
jerry : what is that song ?
george : oh , it 's from les miserables . i went to see it last wee . i ca n't get it out of my head . i just keep singing it over and over . it just comes out . i have no
control over it . i 'm singing it on elevators , buses . i sing it infront of clients . it 's taking over my life .
jerry : you know , schumann went mad from that .
george : artie schumann ? from camp hatchapee ?
jerry : no , you idiot .
george : what are you , bud abbott ? what , are you calling my an idiot ?
jerry : you do n't know rober schumann ? the composer ?
george : oh , schumann . of course .
jerry : ( trying to scare george ) he went crazy from one note . he could n't get it out of his head . i think it was an a. he kept repeating it over and over again . he
had to be institutionalized .
george : really ? .. well , what if it does n't stop ? ( jerry gestures `` that 's the breaks . '' george gasps ) oh , that i really needed to hear . that helps a lot ! alright , just
say something . just start talking . change the subject .. let 's just go , alright ? i ca n't believe we 're having dinner with alton benes .
jerry : i know exactly what 's goin to happen tonight . i 'm gon na try and act like i 'm not impressed , he 's gon na see right through it .
george : yeah , he 'll be looking at us like he 's backstage at a puppet show .
jerry : let me just get my jacket . ( moves to the bedroom )
george : `` master of the house , keeper of the inn .. '' ( jerry proudly models his new jacket infront of george . george looks in admiration at the jacket ) this is huge !
when did this happen ?
jerry : wednesday . this jacket has completely changed my life . when i leave the house in this , it 's with a whole different confidence . like tonight , i might 've been
a little nervous . but , inside this jacket , i am composed , grounded , secure that i can meet an social challenge .
george : ( nods ) can i say one thing to you ? and i say this wiht an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality .
jerry : absolutely .
george : .. it 's fabulous .
jerry : i know .
george : and i 'll tell you something else , i 'm not even going to ask you . i want to know . but i 'm not going to ask . you 'll tell me when you feel comfortable .. so
what was it ? four hundred ? five hundred ? did you pay five hundred for this ? ( jerry 's acting coy throughout the whole thing ) over six ? ca n't be seven . do n't tell my
you paid seven hundred dollars for this jacket ! did you pay seven hundred dollars for this jacket ? is that what you 're saying to me ? ! you are sick ! is that what you
paid for this jacket ? ! over seven hundred ? what did you pay for this jacket ? i wo n't say anything . i wan na know what you paid for this jacket ! oh my god ! a
thousand dollars ? ! you paid a thousand dollars for this jacket ? ! alright , fine . i 'm walking out of here right now thinking you paid a thousand dollars for this jacket ,
unless you tell me different . ( jerry still coy , stays silent ) oh , ho ! alright ! i 'll tell you what , if you do n't say anything in the next five seconds , i 'll know it was over a
thousand ..
( enter kramer )
kramer : hey . hey , would you do me a solid ?
jerry : well , what kind of solid ?
kramer : i need you to sit in the car for two minutes while it 's double-parked . i got ta pick up some birds .
jerry : birds ?
kramer : yeah . a friend of mine , he 's a magician . he 's going away on vacation . he asked me to take care of his doves .
jerry : so take a cab .
kramer : they wo n't take a cage full of birds .
jerry : i ca n't . i 'm on my way out . there 's no way i can do it .
kramer : george , do me a solid ? two minutes .
george : well , i 'm going with him . i 'd like to , i 've never done a solid before .
kramer : alright .. yeah .. alright , have a good one .
( kramer leaves )
jerry : ( scoffs ) two minutes . believe me , i know his two minutes .. by his conception of time , his life will last over two thousand years .
( scene ends )
[ setting : hotel lobby ]
( jerry and george enter . george 's singing `` master of the house '' )
george : `` master of the house . quick to catch your eye , never wants a passerby to pass him by . ''
jerry : ( points to his head ) schumann . ( george gets visibly scared ) where are they ?
george : maybe he did n't show up .
jerry : what , you do n't want to do this ?
george : i do n't think there 's ever been an appointment in my life where i wanted the other guy to show up .
george : ( sees an elderly man sitting on a leather chair ) wait a second , is that him ?
jerry : yeah , i think it is . ( they walk tward him ) where 's elaine ?
george : i 'm nervous .
jerry : excuse me .. mister benes ?
alton : yeah ?
jerry : i 'm jerry . elaine 's friend .. and this is george .
george : ( holds out his hand for a handshake ) it 's a great thrill to meet you , sir .
( alton starts hacking , george withdraws his hand )
alton : sit down . want a drink ?
jerry : sure .
alton : ( summons waiter ) what do you have ?
jerry : ( to waiter ) i 'll have a cranberry juice with two limes .
george : and , i 'll have a club soda with no ice .
benes : ( gives both jerry and george a look ) i 'll have another scotch with plenty of ice .
george : you like ice ?
alton : huh ?
george : i said , do you like ice ?
alton : like it ?
george : do n't you think you get more without it ?
alton : ( pauses ) where 's elaine ?
jerry : well , we thought she was meeting you earlier . she 's usually pretty punctual . ( alton remains quiet ) .. do n't you find that , george ?
george : yeah , yeah . she 's punctual .. and she 's been late sometimes .
jerry : yeah , yeah . sometimes she 's on time , and sometimes she 's late .
george : i guess today she 's late .
jerry : it appears that way .
george : yep .
jerry : yep .
( both jerry and george look at the door , anticipating elaine 's arrival )
alton : looks like rain .
george : ( perks up ) i know , i know , that 's what they said .
alton : who said ?
george : the weather guy , dr. waldo .
alton : i do n't need anybody to tell me it 's gon na rain .
george : no , of course not . i did n't ..
alton : all i have to do is stick my head out the window . ( waiter shows up with the drinks ) which one 's suppose to be the funny guy ?
george : ( pointing at jerry ) oh , he 's the comedian .
jerry : i 'm just a regular person .
george : no , no . he 's just being modest .
alton : we had a funny guy with us in korea . a tailgunner . they blew his brains out all over the pacific . ( long pause ) there 's nothing funny about that .
( jerry and george turn to the door again )
jerry : would you excuse me a minute ? i 'm gon na go to the bathroom . i 'll be right back .
( jerry leaves . george is left alone with alton )
george : i just wanted to tell you that i really enjoyed fair game . i thought it was just brilliant .
alton : drivel .
george : maybe some parts .
alton : what parts ?
george : the drivel parts .. oh my gosh , i just realized - i have to make a phone call . i can believe .. would you .. ( gets up , and leaves )
( scene cuts to the hotel bathroom )
george : thank you for leaving me alone with him !
jerry : that was brutal . i ca n't go back out there .
george : well , let 's just leave .
jerry : elaine 'll kill me .
george : where is she ?
jerry : she 's got ta be here soon .
george : how could she leave us alone with this lunatic ? ten more minutes , and that 's it ! i 'm leaving . i have to tell you , this guy scares me .
jerry : the waiter was trembling .
george : if she does n't show up , we ca n't possibly have dinner with him alone .
jerry : how are we gon na get out of it ?
george : we 'll say we 're frightened and we have to go home .
jerry : yeah , that 's good . he 'd clunk our heads together like moe .
george : i do n't know . just start scratching . tell him you have the crabs . he was in the military . he 'll understand that .
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : all fathers are intimidating . they 're intimidating because they are fathers . once a man has children , for the rest of his life , his attitude is , `` to hell with the
world , i can make my own people . i 'll eat whatever i want . i 'll wear whatever i want , and i 'll create whoever i want . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : hotel lobby ]
( jerry and george come back from the bathroom )
alton : who 'd you call ?
george : ( caught off guard ) my uncle is having an operation . i just wanted to see how he was .
alton : what kind of operation ?
george : bone marrow .
( manager approaches )
manager : mister benes ?
alton : yes ?
manager : a message for you . ( hands him a message )
alton : from elaine . she got tied up . she 'll be here in thirty minutes . ( jerry and george freeze )
( scene ends )
[ setting : hotel lobby ]
alton : yeah , they should 've taken care of castro when they had the chance . like we did in guatamala in 'fifty-three .
jerry : ( adding ) well , guatamala .
george : sure , guatamala .
alton : ( gets up ) alright , you boys get yourselves together . we 'll head up to the restaurant . i 'll leave a note for elaine . i 'm going to the bathroom . ( leaves )
george : come on , let 's go !
jerry : what about elaine ?
george : to hell with elaine !
jerry : she 'll be furious .
george : we 're dying here !
( elaine enters )
jerry : that 's her ! she 's here !
elaine : i 'm sorry . i 'm so sorry . where is dad ?
george : ( mocking alton 's voice ) he 's in the bathroom .
jerry : where have you been ? !
elaine : kramer , that .. kramer ! i 'm just about to leave , he calls me up . he begs me to sit in his car for two minutes , so he can pick up these birds ..
jerry : oh , you did n't ..
elaine : well , he said he 'd drive me here right after . so , i am sitting in his car twenty minutes ! he does n't come down . i am freezing . then a cop comes by , tells me
to get out of the car . he 's a city marshal . he 's towing the car away . kramer owes thousands of dollars in back tickets . he was going to tow it with me in the car !
so , they tow the car . now , i am standing outside , and i am freezing , but i can not leave because i have to tell him what happened to the car .. so , finally , he finally
comes down with his giant cage filled with doves . he said he was getting special instructions , that each dove has a different diet . so , we 're wandering around trying
to get a cab , when two of these doves fly out ! now we 're running down the street after these doves . i almost got hit by a bus . ( sits down , takes a deep breath ) .. so
how 's everything going over here ?
jerry : ( after hearing elaine 's story , his is .. ) great .
george : could n't be better .
elaine : good . 'cause dad can make some people a little uncomfortable .
jerry : oh , no , no .
george : get outta here ..
elaine : man , kramer ! i could kill him .
jerry : i ca n't believe it . you know better than to get involved with kramer .
elaine : he said he 'd give me a lift .
jerry : ah , the lift . like the lure of the siren 's song . never what it seems to be , yet who among us can resist ?
george : where do you come up with this stuff ?
alton : ( returns ) well , look who 's here .
elaine : oh , hi , dad .
alton : ( kisses elaine ) hello , dear . who 's the lipstick for ?
elaine : no one .
alton : .. how 's your mother ?
elaine : fine .
alton : how about you ? are you working ?
elaine : yeah , i 'm reading manuscripts for pendant publishing . i told you ten times .
alton : pendant , those bastards .. alright , boys . we 'll go to that pakistani restaurant on 46th street . you 're not afraid of a little spice , are you ?
( they all head for the door . jerry and george trail behind a little )
george : `` master of the house , doling out the charm . ready with a handshake and an open .. ''
alton : pipe down , chorus boy .
( alton glares , george gets embarrassed )
elaine : ohh .. it 's snowing . it 's beautiful .
jerry : ( to george ) snow .. snow , that ca n't be good for suede , can it ?
george : i would n't think so .
jerry : what should i do ? ( to alton ) we 're taking a cab , are n't we ?
alton : cab ? it 's only five blocks .
george : ( to jerry ) why do n't you just turn it inside out ?
jerry : inside out ! great .
( jery turns his jacket inside out , showing of the pink striped insides . alton stops him before jerry can leave the hotel )
alton : wait a minute . what the hell do you call this ?
jerry : oh , i turned my jacket inside out .
alton : well , you look like a damn fool !
jerry : ( like a child ) well , it 's a new suede jacket . it might get ruined .
alton : well , you 're not going to walk down the street with my and my daughter dressed like that ! that 's for damn sure !
( jerry looks at george )
george : it 's only a few blocks .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's heading out , the intercom buzzes )
jerry : ( into intercom ) elaine ?
elaine : yeah .
jerry : come on up .
( enter kramer )
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : i 've got ta feed the birds .
jerry : so ? ..
kramer : you got any of those mini ritzes ?
( jerry reaches up , and pulls out some mini ritzes )
jerry : i ca n't believe i do .
kramer : yeah ! .. well , are you going out ?
jerry : yeah .
kramer : hey , where 's your new jacket ? ( jerry points to the jacket hanging in the bathroom . it 's ruined , and unwearable ) what ? ( kramer enters the bathroom ,
he 's shocked at the sight of the jacket ) ohhh . what did you do to it ?
jerry : i was out in the snow last night .
kramer : do n't youk now what that does to suede ?
jerry : i have an idea . ( elaine enters ) we can make the nine-thirty at cinema iii .
elaine : okay .. ( to kramer ) hello . ( to jerry ) listen , thanks again for coming last night . dad said he had a great time .
jerry : is he still in town ?
elaine : no , he 's driving back to maryland tonight .
kramer : ( talking about the ruined jacket ) so , uh .. what are you gon na do with that one now ?
jerry : i do n't know .
kramer : well ? ..
elaine : ( to jerry ) i did n't want to tell you this , but usually he hates everyone .
jerry : really ?
kramer : you gon na throw this out ?
jerry : well , i ca n't wear it .
elaine : ( to jerry ) yeah , he like you though . said you reminded him of somebody he knew in korea .
kramer : well , if you 're just gon na throw it out , you know , i could take it .
jerry : yeah , go ahead , take it .
elaine : dad thinks george is gay .
jerry : oh , because of all that singing ?
elaine : no , he pretty much thinks everyone is gay .
( kramer returns from the bathroom wearing the ruined suede jacket )
kramer : hey , see , i like it like this .
elaine : ( pointing at the jacket kramer 's wearing ) isnt ' that .. ? ( jerry nods ) oh , is this fromt he snow last night ? ( jerry nods again ) ugh .. you know what you
should 've done ? you should 've turned it inside out .
jerry : i 'll try and remember that .
kramer : ( talking about the leather jacket from the start of the show ) boy , it 's too bad you gave me this one too .
jerry : ( sarcastic ) yeah , too bad .
kramer : i 'm gon na have to do something about this lining .
( kramer exits , scene ends )
[ setting : alton benes ' car ]
( alton is driving home , then all the sudden , he starts to sing )
alton : `` master of the house doling out the charm , ready with a handshake and an open palm .. ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i had a leather jacket that got ruined . now , why does moisture ruin leather ? i do n't get this . are n't cows ouside most of the time ? i do n't understand it .
when it 's raining do cows go up to the farmhouse , `` let us in , we 're all wearing leather .. open the door ! we 're gon na ruin the whole outfit here .. '' `` is it suede ? '' `` i am
suede , the whole thing is suede , i ca n't have this cleaned . it 's all i got ! ''
jerry 's opening monologue : the bad thing about television is that everybody you see on television is
doing something better than what you 're doing . did you ever see anybody on tv
like just sliding off the front of the sofa with potato chip crumbs on their
face ? some people have a little too much fun on television : the soda
commercial people - where do they summon this enthusiasm ? have you seen them ?
`` we have soda , we have soda , we have soda '' , jumping , laughing , flying through
the air - it 's a can of soda . have you ever been standing there and you 're
watching tv and you 're drinking the exact same product that they 're advertising
right there on tv , and it 's like , you know , they 're spiking volleyballs ,
jetskiing , girls in bikinis and i 'm standing there - `` maybe i 'm putting too much
ice in mine . ''

monk 's diner , day . george and jerry enter . george is excited :
george : so then , as we were leaving , we were just kind of standing there ,
and she was sort of smiling at me , and i was n't sure if she wanted me to ask her
out , because when women smile at me i do n't know what it means . sometimes i
interpret it like they 're psychotic or something and i do n't know if i 'm
supposed to smile back , i do n't know what to do . so i just stood there like -
remember how quayle looked when benson gave him that kennedy line ? - that 's what
i looked like .
jerry : so you did n't ask ?
george : no , i froze .
jerry : ( points to counter ) counter .

george : oh yeah . so wait , wait . a half-hour later i 'm back in the office ,
i tell lloyd the whole story . he says `` so why do n't you call her '' . i says `` i
ca n't . '' i could n't , i could n't do it right then . for me to ask a woman out i
got ta get into a mental state like the karate guys before they break the bricks .
so lloyd calls me a wuss .
jerry : he said wuss ?
george : yeah . anyway , he shamed me into it .
jerry : so you called . ( they sit at counter )
george : right . and , and to cover my nervousness i started eating an apple ,
because i think if they hear you chewing on the other end of the phone , it
makes you sound casual .
jerry : yeah , like a farm boy .
george : right . so i call her up , i tell her it 's me , she gives me an
enthusiastic 'hi ! '
jerry : wow . enthusiastic 'hi ! ' , that 's beautiful .
george : oh , i do n't get the enthusiastic 'hi ! ' , i 'm outta there .
jerry : alright , so you 're chewing your apple , you got your enthusiastic
'hi ! ' go ahead .
george : so , we 're talking , and i do n't like to go too long before i ask them
out , i wan na get it over with right away , so i just blurt out `` what are you
doing saturday night ? ''
jerry : and ?
george : she bought .
jerry : great day in the morning .
george : then i got off the phone right away .
jerry : sure , it 's like robbing a bank : you do n't loiter around in front of
the teller holding that big bag of money . you come in , you hit and get out .
george : it 's amazing : we , we both have dates on the same night . i ca n't
remember the last time that happened .

george 's car , parked outside apartment building , night . george and his date
carol :
george : i ca n't stand doing laundry . that 's why i have forty pairs of
underwear .
carol : you do not .
george : absolutely . because instead of doing a wash , i just keep buying
underwear . my goal is to have over three hundred and sixty pair . that way , i
only have to do wash once a year .
( they both laugh )

jerry 's car , also parked outside an apartment building . jerry and his
girlfriend donna :
jerry : ( in awful scots/irish accent ) come on , try it . let me hear you try
a scottish accent .
donna : that 's irish .
jerry : irish , scottish , what 's the difference , lassie ?
( donna laughs )

back to george and carol :
donna : so , er , thanks for dinner . it was great .
george : yeah . we should do this again .
donna : would you like to come upstairs for some coffee ?
george : oh , no , thanks . i ca n't drink coffee late at night , it keeps me up .
donna : ( looks disappointed ) so , um , ok .
george : ok .
donna : goodnight .
george : yeah , take it easy .
( donna leaves car . george realizes what he has done and bashes his
forehead in disgust )

back to jerry and donna :
donna : thanks again for the movie .
jerry : you 're welcome .
donna : i 'd invite you up , but the place is being painted .
jerry : oh , that 's ok .
donna : unless you want to go to your place .
jerry : ok , but there 's no cake or anything , if that 's what you 're looking
for .

back to george , driving , looking frustrated :
george : take it easy , huh , take it easy .

jerry 's apartment . jerry and donna sit on the sofa :
jerry : i think if one 's going to kill oneself , the least you could do is
leave a note - it 's common courtesy . i do n't know , that 's just the way i was
brought up .
donna : values are very important .
jerry : oh , so important . so what are you doing thursday night - you wan na
have dinner ?
donna : thursday 's great . ( moves closer )
jerry : ( looks at his pants ) tan pants . why do i buy tan pants , donna ? i
do n't feel comfortable in them .
donna : are those cotton dockers ?
jerry : oh , i ca n't begin to tell you how much i hate that commercial .
donna : really ? i like that commercial . ( jerry pauses )
jerry : you like that commercial ?
donna : yeah , it 's clever .
jerry : now wait a second , you mean the one where the guys are all standing
around , supposedly being very casual and witty ?
donna : yeah , that 's the one .
jerry : what could you possibly like about that ?
donna : i do n't know , i like the guys .
jerry : yeah , they 're so funny and so comfortable with each other , and i
could be comfortable too , if i had pants like that . i could sit on a porch and
wrestle around , and maybe even be part of a real bull session .
donna : hey , i know guys like that . to me the dialogue rings true .
jerry : ( shrugs . pause ) even if the dialogue did ring true . even if
somehow somewhere men actually talk like that , what does that have to do with
the pants ? does n't that bother you ?
donna : ( increasingly annoyed ) that 's the idea . that 's what 's clever about
it , that they 're not talking about the pants .
jerry : but they 're talking about nothing .
donna : that 's the point .
jerry : i know the point .
donna : no one is telling you to like it .
jerry : i mean , all those quick shots of the pants , just pants , pants ,
pants , pants , pants , pants , pants . what is that supposed to be ?
( donna sighs , leans away from jerry , looks at watch )

jerry monologue :
what 's brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other
through . because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future ,
you have to magnify everything about them . you know , like the guy 'll be like
' i do n't think her eyebrows are even . could i look at uneven eyebrows for the
rest of my life ? ' and of course the woman 's looking at the guy , thinking 'what
is he looking at ? do i want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my
life ? '

jerry 's apartment , day . jerry and elaine :
jerry : i 'm supposed to see her again on thursday , but can i go out with
someone who actually likes this commercial ?
elaine : i once broke up with a guy because he did n't keep his bathroom clean
enough .
jerry : no kidding . did you tell him that was the reason ?
elaine : oh yeah , i told him all the time . you would not have believed his
tub : germs were building a town in there - they were constructing offices .
houses near the drain were going for $ 150,000 .
( george enters , looking miserable , holding a brown paper bag )
elaine : hi .
( george produces pepto-bismol bottle and box of bicarb from bag , places
them on counter )
jerry : you 're still thinking about this ?
george : ( while preparing bicarb ) she invites me up at twelve o clock at
night , for coffee . and i do n't go up . `` no thank you , i do n't want coffee , it
keeps me up . too late for me to drink coffee . '' i said this to her . people
this stupid should n't be allowed to live . i ca n't imagine what she must think
of me .
jerry : she thinks you 're a guy that does n't like coffee .
george : she invited me up . coffee 's not coffee , coffee is sex .
elaine : maybe coffee was coffee .
george : coffee 's coffee in the morning , it 's not coffee at twelve o clock at
night .
elaine : well some people drink coffee that late .
george : yeah , people who work at norad , who 're on twenty-four hour missile
watch . everything was going along so great : she was laughing , i was funny . i
kept saying to myself `` keep it up , do n't blow it , you 're doing great . ''
elaine : it 's all in your head . all she knows is she had a good time . i
think you should call her .
george : i ca n't call her now , it 's too soon . i 'm planning a wednesday call .
elaine : oh , why ? i love it when guys call me the next day .
george : of course you do , but you 're imagining a guy you like , not a guy who
goes ( in stupid voice ) `` oh no , i do n't drink coffee late at night . '' if i call
her now , she 's gon na think i 'm too needy .
women do n't wan na see need . they want a take-charge guy - a colonel , a
kaiser , a tsar .
elaine : all she 'll think is that you like her .
george : yes , she wants me to like her , if she likes me , but she does n't like
me !
elaine : i do n't know what your parents did to you .
( kramer enters , points at jerry )
kramer : hey , i just thought of a really funny thing for your act . alright ,
you 're up there , you 're on the stage and you go `` hey , you ever notice how cars
here in new york , they never get out of the way of ambulances anymore .
someone 's in a life-and-death situation , and we 're thinking 'well , sorry buddy ,
you should 've thought of that when you were eating cheese omelettes and sauages
for breakfast every morning for the last thirty years . ' '' so you gon na use it ?
jerry : i do n't think so .
kramer : it 's funny .
elaine : it is funny .
kramer : that 's as good as anything you do .
george : alright , i got ta make a call . everybody out , come on .
jerry : why do we have to leave ?
george : because i ca n't call a woman with other people in the room . come
on , let 's go .
elaine : oh , see , this is the problem .
jerry : you 're kicking me out of my house ?
george : yes .
elaine : do n't forget .
george : oh jerry , do you have any apples ?
jerry : do n't do the apples . that 's enough already with the apples .
( elaine , kramer and jerry leave . george removes jacket , dials phone )
phone : hi , it 's carol , i 'll get back to you . ( beep )
george : uhm , hi , it 's george , george costanza , remember me ? the guy that
did n't come up for coffee .
you see , i did n't realise that coffee did n't really mean ... well ,
whatever . anyway , it was fun . it was , erm , it was fun , so , oh boy , uhm , so ,
you call me back . if you want , it 's up to you , you know , whatever you wan na do .
either way . the ball 's in your court . so , er , take it easy .
( hangs up . jerry enters )
jerry : i 'm just gon na get my jacket , i 'll meet you downstairs . what 's the
matter , did you call ?
( elaine enters )
george : got her machine . i 'm dead , i 'm a dead man . that 's it . i 'm dead ,
i 'm a dead man . dead man .
jerry : what did you say ?
george : i do n't know what the hell i said . i gave her an ultimatum and
there 's nothing i can do . it 's a machine . the little light is blinking right
now : 'come and listen to the idiot . hey everybody , the idiot 's on ! '
jerry : after one date you try and improvise on her machine ?
george : now i 'm in the worst position of all .
elaine : y'know , my brother-in-law once left a message on this guy 's machine ,
and he blurted out some business information he was n't supposed to , and it would
have cost him $ 15,000 , so he waited outside the guy 's house and when the guy
came home he went upstairs with him and he switched the tape .
george : he did that ?
elaine : yeah .
george : somebody did that ?
jerry : she 'll call you back . you 're overreacting .

jerry 's apartment . jerry and donna :
jerry : not once .
donna : never ?
jerry : i have never seen one episode of ' i love lucy ' in my life ever .
donna : that 's amazing .
jerry : thank you .
donna : is there anything else about you i should know ?
jerry : yes , i 'm lactose intolerant .
donna : really ?
jerry : i have no patience for lactose . and i wo n't stand for it . uhm ,
i 'll be right back . ( goes to bathroom )
( george enters )
george : wait till you hear this ( sees donna ) . whoa , ah , i 'm sorry , i
did n't , i had no idea . ( goes to leave )
donna : wait , wait . he 's in the bathroom .
george : i just wanted to talk to him for a minute , but i 'll come back .
donna : you do n't have to leave .
george : you sure ?
donna : yes .
george : ok .
donna : i 'm donna .
george : donna . oh , you 're the one that likes that commercial !
donna : he told you about that .
george : no , he , he did n't actually tell me that , uh , we were talking about
that commercial , in fact i think i brought it up because i like that commercial .
no , he , he would never tell me anything like that . he never discusses anything .
he 's , he 's like a clam . you 're not gon na mention this , to him .. ( jerry re-
enters )
donna : ( to jerry ) so you go around telling your friends i 'm not hip
because i like that commercial .
jerry : what ? ( to george ) what did , what did you say ?
george : say ? what ? nothing , i ..
donna : you told him how i like the commercial .
jerry : well , so what if i said that ?
donna : well , so , you did n't have to tell your friends .
jerry : no , i had to tell my friends , my friends did n't have to tell you .
george : ( to donna ) why did you have to get me in trouble ?
donna : i do n't like you talking about me with your friends behind my back .
george : boy oh boy .
jerry : i said i could n't believe you liked that commercial . so what ?
donna : i asked some friends of mine this week , and all of them liked the
commercial .
jerry : boy , i bet you got a regular algonquin round table there .
( kramer enters )
k hey .
jerry : oh , kramer , this is donna .
k oh . cotton dockers !
george : hello ! alright , we should be going . come on . ( grabs kramer )
k what ? where are we going ?
george : come on !
donna : do n't bother , i 'm leaving .
jerry : donna , really , you 're making too much of this .
k one hundred percent cotton dockers , if they 're not dockers , they 're just
pants !
jerry : please , donna .
donna : i do n't wan na hear it . ( leaves )
george : i ca n't believe i said that . you know me , i 'm a vault .
jerry : do n't worry about it , it was n't working anyway .
k what happened there ?
jerry : i 'll tell you later .
george : you are not gon na believe what 's going on with this woman .


monk 's diner . george and jerry sat in booth :
george : ok , so you remember i made the initial call sunday , she does n't call
back . i call again monday , i leave another message . i call tuesday , i get the
machine again : `` i know you 're there , i do n't know what your story is . ''
yesterday , i 'm a volcano - i try one more call , the machine comes on , and fly
like mussolini from the balcony- `` where the hell do you get the nerve ? you
invite me up for coffee and then you do n't call me back for four days ? i do n't
like coffee , i do n't have to come up . i 'd like to get one more shot at the
coffee just so i could spit it in your face . ''
jerry : you said that ?
george : i lost it .
jerry : i ca n't blame you . i ca n't believe she never called you back .
george : she did . today .
jerry : what ?
george : she called my office . she said she 's been in the hamptons since
sunday . she did n't know if i was trying to get in touch with her . her machine
broke , and she 's been using her old machine and she does n't have the beeper for
it .
jerry : so she did n't get the messages .
george : exactly , but they 're on there waiting . she said she ca n't wait to
see me , we 're having dinner tonight . she 's supposed to call me as soon as she
gets home .
jerry : but what about the messages ?
( george produces cassette tape from pocket )
jerry : elaine 's thing ? how you gon na get in ?
george : i 'll meet her outside the building .
jerry : but you know as soon as she gets in the apartment she 's going right
for that machine .
george : or she goes for the bathroom . that 's my only chance . who am i
kidding ? i ca n't do this , i ca n't do this . i do n't even know how to work those
stupid machines .
jerry : there 's nothing to it . you lift the lid , it comes right out .
george : you do it for me .
jerry : what ?
george : come on , it 'll be so much easier .
jerry : how you gon na get me up there ?
george : i 'll tell her i bumped into you , i 'm giving you a ride uptown .
jerry : and who makes the switch ?
george : you do .
jerry : i do .
george : i ca n't do it . i 'll , i 'll keep her busy .
jerry : i ca n't get involved in this .
george : i think i may be in love with this woman .
jerry : what if she sees me ?
george : oh , you are such a wuss .
jerry : a wuss ?
george : yeah .
jerry : did you call me a wuss ?

outside apartment building , night . george and jerry are sat on a low wall :
george : well there is traffic . it might take her till eight-fifteen .
jerry : i got one problem : you 're keeping her busy in the other room . now ,
what if she somehow gets away from you and is coming in ? you have to signal me
that she 's coming .
george : a signal , right , erm , ok , er ok , the signal is , i 'll call out 'tippy
toe ! '
jerry : 'tippy toe ? ' i do n't think so .
george : you do n't like 'tippy toe ? '
jerry : no 'tippy toe . '
george : alright , er , ok i got it , erm , i 'll sing .
jerry : what song ?
george : erm , 'how do you solve a problem like maria ? '
jerry : what is that ?
george : oh , it 's a lovely song . ( sings ) how do you solve a problem like
maria ?
jerry : anything else ?
george : you pick it .
jerry : 'lemon tree '
george : peter , paul and mary .
jerry : no , trini lopez .
both : ( singing ) lemon tree very pretty and a lemon flower
george : you got the tape ?
jerry : ( produces tapes ) standard . micro .
george : how do you feel ? confident ?
jerry : feel good .
george : you nervous ?
jerry : not at all .
george : get up , get up , it 's her . oh , the hell with this , i 'm scared to
death , just walk away , it 's off , cancel everything , go !
( carol arrives )
george : hey ! what are you doing here ? i thought i was supposed to call you
when i got home .
george : i , i could n't wait . i was too anxious to see you .
carol : oh , that 's so sweet .
george : oh , this is my friend , jerry seinfeld . i just bumped into him
around the corner . is n't that a coincidence ? the funny thing is , i see him all
the time .
jerry : all the time .
carol : it 's nice to meet you .
jerry : hi .
carol : so , i 'm starving . where are we gon na eat ?
george : you know , we could go uptown , and that way we could give jerry a
ride home .
carol : ok. let 's go , i 'm ready , where 'd you park ?
george : do n't you wan na go upstairs first ?
carol : no , what for ? i 'll just give my bag to the doorman .
jerry : you know , i really need to use the bathroom .
carol : oh well there 's a bathroom in the coffee shop just next door .
george : yes , yes , but er , i have to make a call , so ...
carol : well they have a phone .
( george takes carol to one side )
george : i know jerry . he has this phobia about public toilets . i think we
really should go upstairs .
carol : ( aloud ) you know , i think i will go upstairs . i can check my
machine .
george : right , right .
( they enter building )

inside carol 's apartment . carol , jerry and george enter :
carol : the bathroom 's on the hall to the right .
jerry : er , you know , why do n't you go first , you just had a long trip .
carol : no , i 'm fine .
jerry : uhmmm , you know , it 's the damnedest thing , it went away .
carol : oh that 's weird .
george : no , no that can happen . i 've , er , i 've read about that in medical
journals . it 's a freak thing , but ...
carol : well , let me just check my messages , and we 'll go .
george : uh , carol , can i talk to you for a second ? right now .
carol : sure .
george : please , this is very , very important . ( leads her to other room )
( jerry goes over to machine to switch tape )
george : ( shouts from other room ) uhh , tippy toe ! tippy toe ! lemon tree !
( carol reappears followed by george )
carol : ( to jerry ) now i know who you are . you 're a comedian . i 've seen
you , it 's driving me crazy .
jerry : right . i am .
george : carol , that 's so rude . please , i 'm serious , just for a moment , if
you would n't mind , and then we 'll talk to jerry .
( george leads carol back out , jerry switches tapes )
jerry : ( shouts ) hey you two . i 'm ready to go .
( george and carol return )
carol : that 's what you had to tell me ? your father wears sneakers in the
pool ?
george : ( to jerry ) do n't you find that strange ?
jerry : yes .
carol : well , i 'll just check my machine and we 'll go . no , nothing here ,
let 's go . oh , i forgot to tell you . after i talked to you today my neighbour
called me and played my messages to me over the phone .
george : oh , uhhh ...
carol : yours were hilarious , we were both cracking up . i just love jokes
like that .
( all three leave )

jerry 's closing monologue :
i love my phone machine . i wish i was a phone machine . i wish if i saw
somebody on the street i did n't want to talk to i could go `` excuse me , i 'm not
in right now . if you could just leave a message , i could walk away . '' i also
have a cordless phone , but i do n't like that as much , because you ca n't slam
down a cordless phone . you get mad at somebody on a real phone - `` you ca n't
talk to me like that ! '' bang ! you know . you get mad at somebody on a cordless
phone - `` you ca n't talk to me like that ! '' ( mimes fiddly button-pressing ) `` i
told him ! ''
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : well , i painted my apartment again . i 've been living in this apartment for years and years , and every time i paint it , it kinda gets me down . i look around ,
and i think , well , it 's a little bit smaller now . you know , i realize it 's just the thickness of the paint , but i 'm aware of it . it keeps coming in and coming in . everytime i
paint it , it 's closer and closer . i do n't even know where the wall outlets are anymore . i just look for like a lump with two slots in it . kinda looks like a pig is trying to
push his way through from the other side . that 's where i plug in .. my idea of the perfect living room would be the bridge on the starship enterprise . you know what
i mean ? big chair , nice screen , remote control .. that 's why star trek really was the ultimate male fantasy . just hurling through space in your living room , watching
tv . that 's why all the aliens were always dropping in , because kirk was the only one that had a big screen . they came over friday night , klingon boxing .. got ta be
there .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry and elaine are looking at kramer with their arms folded . his hair is slicked down )
jerry : what did you do ?
kramer : mousse . i moussed up .
elaine : i guess it was just a matter of time .
kramer : you know , i should 've done this years ago . i mean , i feel like i had two lives . my pre-mousse and now , i begin my post-mousse . hey , tell me the truth ,
have you ever seen a better looking guy ?
jerry : oh , look , its so subjective .
elaine : i do n't mean to interrupt or anything , but on sunday , my friend is having a brunch for the new york marathon .
kramer : oh , i keep forgetting to enter that .
elaine : she lives right above first avenue , and says she has a perfect view of the race . and she said i can invite some friends .
jerry : maybe .
( a loud argument erupts in the hallway between harold and manny , the building supervisors )
harold : no , i 'm not going up there . ( manny screams out something in spanish )
jerry : harold and manny .
harold : i 'm not going . ( manny says something in spanish , jerry goes out into the hall )
jerry : boys , boys .
harold : oh , jerry .
jerry : i slid the rent under your door , harold . did you get it ?
harold : yeah , yeah .. ( joking ) hey , jerry , would you like anything from mrs. hudwalker 's apartment ? ( manny starts yelling at harold in spanish ) i was only
joking . ( to jerry ) he thinks i 'm going to give you mrs. hudwalker 's things . ( manny starts talking in spanish ) we have to go up there now and clean the apartment .
it 's a good thing her rent was overdue . she 'd be rotting up there for a month .
jerry : she died ? .. mrs. hudwalker died ?
harold : ninety-four years old . i found her yesterday . she did n't have a wig on . it was horrifying .
manny : harold , ( in spanish ) come on , hurry up !
harold : ( to manny ) what 's the matter with you ? ! i 'm talking . so , jerry , you know anyone who needs an apartment ?
jerry : are you kidding ? you know my friend elaine ?
harold : oh yeah , i like her . she always says `` hello '' to me .
jerry : it 's not promised to anybody ? 'cause she would take it in a second .
harold : well , manny wanted it for his brother , but he got deported . ( manny starts protesting in spanish ) what 's the difference ? it 's true .
jerry : so , it 's okay ? i could just tell her she can have it ?
harold : sure , sure . she 's getting a bargain , too . it 's only four hundred dollars a month . ( manny yells in spanish ) okay .. ( manny keeps talking in spanish ) okay .
( jerry goes back to his apartment , passing kramer on the way )
kramer : ( talking about his hair ) hey , harold , what do you think ?
harold : manny , look , kramer put mousse in his hair .
manny : ( in spanish ) it looks worse .
kramer : ( not knowing what manny said ) thanks .
( jerry enters his apartment )
elaine : what was that all about ?
jerry : oh , nothing important .
elaine : what 's going on ? what is that look ?
jerry : what look ? nothing .
elaine : something 's going on here .
jerry : i do n't know if you should sit for this or not . sitting is good if you faint , but standing is good for jumping up and down .. i ca n't decide .
elaine : jumping up and down ? what are you talking about ? c'mon . cough it up .
jerry : oh , elaine . you know the way i am - rarely ever thinking of myself . my only concern is the welfare and happiness of those close to me . sure , it hurts
sometimes - to give , and give , and give ..
elaine : would you please ?
jerry : what would you say if i told you that ..
elaine : told me what ? !
jerry : .. i got you an apartment in this building .
elaine : ( dumbfounded ) no .
jerry : yes .
elaine : no .
jerry : yes .
elaine : you did n't .
jerry : i did .
elaine : you got me an apartment in the building ? !
jerry : i got you an apartment in the building .
elaine : how did you ..
jerry : remember mrs. hudwalker ? the ninety-four-year-old woman who lived above me ?
elaine : no .
jerry : she died .
elaine : ( thrilled ) she died ? !
jerry : she died .
elaine : she died !
jerry : and the rent 's only four hundred dollars a month !
elaine : get out ! ( pushes jerry , he stumbles back ) four hundred a month ? only four hundred a month ? !
jerry : four hundred a month .
elaine : and i 'll be right upstairs ?
jerry : right upstairs .
elaine : right above you ?
jerry : right above me .
elaine : oh , we 're neighbors . i 'll be here all the time !
jerry : ( suddenly having second thoughts ) all the time ..
elaine : we can exchange keys so we can come in and out . oh , this is going to be great !
jerry : .. all the time ..
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : the problem with talking is that nobody stops you from saying the wrong thing . i think life would be a lot better if it was like you 're always making a movie .
you mess up , somebody just walks on the set , and stops the whole shot . you know what i mean ? think of the things you wish you could take back . you 're out
somewhere with people , `` gee , you look pregnant .. are ya ? '' `` cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , that 's not gon na work at all . walk out the door , and come back in . let 's take
this whole scene again . people , think about what you 're saying ! ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
george : ( pays his bill ) thanks , see ya later , donna . ( walks out , he runs into jerry outside the shop ) what happened to you ?
jerry : you ca n't believe what i just did .
george : what ? what did you do ?
jerry : i could tell you what i did , but you would n't believe it . it 's not believable .
george : what did you do ?
jerry : how could i have done that ?
george : done what ?
jerry : i told elaine about an apartment opening up in my building . she 's going to move in .
george : elaine 's moving into your building ?
jerry : yes . right above me .
george : right above you ?
jerry : yes .
george : you 're gon na be neighbors .
jerry : i know . neighbors .
george : she 's right above you ?
jerry : right above me .
george : how could you do that ?
jerry : 'cause i 'm an idiot ! you may think you 're an idiot , but with all due respect - i 'm a much bigger idiot than you are .
george : do n't insult me , my friend . remember who you 're talking to . no one 's a bigger idiot than me .
jerry : did you ever ask an ex-girlfriend to move into your building ?
george : did you ever go to a singles weekend in the poconos ?
jerry : she 's right in my building ! right above me ! every time i come in the building , i 'm gon na have to sneak around like a cat burglar .
george : you 're doomed . you 're gon na have to have all your sex at women 's apartments . it 'll be like a permanent road trip . forget about the home bed
advantage .
jerry : but i need the home bed advantage !
george : of course , we all do .
jerry : ( gesturing to the coffee shop ) come in for two minutes and sit with me .
george : i was just in there . it 's embarrassing .
jerry : oh , who 's gon na know ?
george : they saw me walk out .
jerry : two minutes .
( scene cuts to jerry and george in the coffee shop )
jerry : my censoring system broke down . you know that little guy in your head who watches everything you say ? makes sure you do n't make a mistake ? he went
for a cup of coffee , and in that second - ruined my life .
george : my censor quit two years ago . he checked into a clinic . emotionally exhausted .
jerry : .. so , is there any way out of this elaine thing ?
george : tough .
jerry : you know , the water pressure 's terrible in my building .. and she loves a good shower .
george : i do n't think anyone 's turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray .
jerry : if they were fanatic about showers , they might .
george : for that rent , she 'd take a bath in the toilet tank if she had to ..
jerry : look at that woman feeding her baby greasy , disgusting , coffee shop corned beef hash . is n't that child abuse ?
george : i 'd like to have a kid . of course , you have to have a date first .. remember my friend , adam , from detroit ?
jerry : yeah , the guy with the flat head ?
george : he 's a cube .. anyway , he got married six months ago . he told me ever since he 's been wearing a wedding band , women have been coming on to him
everywhere he goes .
jerry : yeah , i 've heard that about wedding bands .
george : ( joking ) i wonder if that 's really true .
jerry : that would be an interesting sociological experiment . you know , kramer has his father 's band . he 'd loan it to you .
( scene ends )
[ setting : apartment buliding hallway ]
( george is trying on a wedding band )
george : thanks a lot . i '' ll give it back to you in a week .
kramer : you know , i do n't even know why you 're fooling around with this ring . i 've been telling you , get yourself some plugs , or a piece .
george : i 'm not doing that .
kramer : oh , man . you know , you 're crazy . you 're a good looking guy . what do you want to walk around like that for ?
george : no , i 'll put half a can of mousse in my head like you .
( manny and harold are arguing again from down the hall )
harold : i told you i do n't like these sponges , they 're too small ! i want a big sponge ! ( manny yells ) you ca n't pick up anything with these ! there 's no absorption !
( manny yells in spanish , jerry exits his apartment )
jerry : boys , boys .
harold : hi , jerry .
harold : hello , jerry . ( says something in spanish to harold )
harold : okay .. your friend ca n't have the apartment , jerry .
jerry : what ?
harold : because somebody offered manny five thousand dollars for the apartment . i do n't want to do it . manny wants to do it . ( manny yells ) because it 's true !
why should n't i tell him ?
jerry : hey , hey . i understand . you 're businessmen . ( manny talks in spanish )
harold : oh , now , he says that if your friend has five thousand dollars , we 'll give it to her .
jerry : well , that 's a lot of money . but , if that 's the way it 's got ta be , that 's the way it 's got ta be . ( goes back to his apartment ) you know , i used to think that the
universe is a random , chaotic , sequence of meaningless events , but i see now that there is reason and purpose to all things .
george : what happened to you ?
jerry : religion , my friend , that 's what happened to me . because , i have just been informed that it 's going to cost elaine the sum of five thousand dollars to get the
apartment upstairs .
george : five thousand dollars ? she does n't have five thousand dollars !
jerry : of course she does n't have five thousand dollars !
george : so , she ca n't get the apartment .
jerry : ca n't get it .
george : so , she does n't move in .
jerry : no move . so , you see , it 's all part of a divine plan .
george : and how does the baldness fit into that plan ?
( the intercom buzzes )
jerry : ( into the intercom ) elaine ?
elaine : yeah .
jerry : ( unlocks the main door . to george ) alright , this is going to require some great acting now . i have to pretend i 'm disappointed . you 're going to really see
me being a phony , now . i hope you can take this .. maybe you should go in the other room .
george : are you kidding ? ! i lie ever second of the day . my whole life is a sham !
jerry : 'cause you know , i love elaine .
george : of course you do .
jerry : but you know .. not in the building . really , i feel terrible about this . my intentions were good . what can i do ? tell me ..
( enter elaine ) elaine : ( to someone in the hallway ) no , i 'll be seeing you . ( starts to sing ) `` good morning , good morning .. '' have you ever gotten up in the morning
and felt it 's great to be alive ? that every breath is a gift of sweet life from above ? ( george leaves , and goes to the other room ) oh , and before i forget , i have the
checks for first month , last month , security deposit . i have seventy-five dollars left in my account .
jerry : ( looks at the checks ) well .. there 's a little bit of a problem .
elaine : oh , i know . there 's a weak shower spray , i know . i 've already thought about it , and i 'm switching to baths . as winston churchill said , `` why stand when
you can sit ? '' maybe i 'll get some rubber duckies ..
jerry : no , someone offered harold and manny five thousand for the apartment . i 'm sure they 'd just as soon give it to you , but you 'd have to come up with that
money .
elaine : five thousand dollars ? i do n't have five thousand dollars .
jerry : i know .
elaine : how am i going to get five thousand dollars ?
jerry : i have no idea .
( enter kramer )
kramer : hey , my new neighbor !
elaine : i 'm not moving in .
kramer : what ?
elaine : they want five thousand dollars now .
kramer : so , okay . what 's the problem ?
elaine : i do n't have five thousand dollars .
kramer : c'mon , you can come up with five thousand dollars .. jerry , you do n't have five thousand dollars you can led her ? come on .
jerry : yeah , well , i did n't .. is that something you want to borrow ?
elaine : no , that 's too much money to borrow .
kramer : loan her the money . you can afford it .
jerry : she does n't want to borrow the money .
kramer : oh , c'mon . she 'll pay you back . what 's five grand between friends ?
elaine : of course i 'd pay you back ..
kramer : yeah , so what 's the problem ?
jerry : who said there 's a problem ?
kramer : he said he 'd loan you the money .
elaine : well jerry , it might take a while for me to pay you back . maybe a few years . how do you feel about that ?
kramer : that 's okay . he does n't care .
elaine : you know , money can sometimes come between friends .
kramer : get outta here .
elaine : let me think about it .
kramer : what 's to think about ?
elaine : i do n't know .. i do n't know . five thousand .. let me just take one more look at it . ( leaves )
jerry : it was all over ! taken care of . done ! finished . five thousand .. where 's she gon na get five thousand ? she does n't have five thousand . clean . good bye .
she 's gone . then you come in , `` why do n't you loan her five thousand ? what do you care ? you 've got five thousand . give her five thousand . ''
kramer : you did n't want her in the building ?
jerry : no , i did n't !
kramer : well , then what did you loan her the five thousand for ? oh , look , maybe she wo n't take it .. i mean , she did say that she was going to think about it .
jerry : people do n't turn down money ! it 's what separates us from the animals .
kramer : i still do n't understand what the problem is having her in the building .
jerry : let me explain something to you .. you see , you 're not normal . you 're a great guy , i love you , but you 're a pod . i , on the other hand , am a human being . i
sometimes feel awkward , uncomfortable , even inhibited in certain situations with the other human beings . you would n't understand .
kramer : because i 'm a pod ?
( george returns for jerry 's bedroom just as elaine returns )
elaine : i 'll take it !
( george turns on his heels , and goes back into jerry 's room )
( scene ends )
[ setting : roxanne 's apartment ]
( guests are milling around , eating . elaine enters with jerry and george . roxanne greets them )
roxanne : hi , elaine ..
elaine : oh , hi , roxanne . nice to be here . these are my friends . this is george , and this is jerry . ( they exchange greetings ) jerry 's the one who got me my new
apartment !
roxanne : so , you 're elaine 's hero .
jerry : yeah , it 's my life 's work .
roxanne : there are so few true heros left in this world . ( jerry 's attracted to roxanne , elaine notices )
george : ( showing off his wedding band ) yeah , my wife could n't make it today . she 's got some thing with her mother .. who know 's what going on with her . do n't
let any one kid you , it 's tough . ( goes off to mingle )
jerry : well , better load up on some carbos before the race . ( starts selecting food from the tables )
roxanne : oh , the marathon is great , is n't it ?
jerry : oh , yes . particularily if your not in it .
roxanne : i wish we had a view of the finish line .
jerry : what 's to see ? a woman from norway , a guy from kenya , and twenty thousand losers .
( roxanne makes a face , scene guts to george . he 's standing next to an attractive woman )
george : .. yeah , my wife started getting on me about the lawn today . i 'm tellin ' ya , it 's one thing after another .
rita : is she here ?
george : no , she 's working .
rita : what does she do ?
george : she 's an .. entymologist - you know , bees , flies , gnats . what about you ?
rita : i work for the director of madison square garden . it 's great ! i can get free tickets to any sporting even in new york . ( george is stunned ) anyway , she 's a
very luck woman .
george : but .. ( she leaves , george is standing there )
( scene cuts to an entering man and woman )
roxanne : hi stan . joanne .
elaine : jerry , this is joanne , and this is stan . they 're in my short story class with roxanne and me . hey , jerry just got me a great apartment in his building !
joanne : well , jerry , it 'll be nice having a close friend nearby ?
jerry : fantastic ..
stan : she can pop in whenever she wants .
jerry : i know .
joanne : she does n't even need to knock !
jerry : it 's tremendous .
stan : anytime of day .
jerry : i 'm in heaven .
elaine : oh , rita come here . this is jerry . he 's the one who got me the apartment .
rita : oh , hi . ( calling to someone ) bob , this is the guy who got elaine the apartment .
( scene cuts to george )
george : i 'm sorry , i do n't see the big deal about being a matador . the bull charges , you move the cape , wha't so hard ? ( the both laugh flirtingly )
susie : so , are you really married ? because , i 've actually heard of single guys who wear wedding bands to attrack women .
george : you 'd have to be a real loser to try something like that .
susie : that 's too bad , because i really have a thing for bald guys with glasses . ( shrugs , smiles , then leaves george )
rita : hey everybody ! here come the runners !
( everyone runs to the windows . jerry and elaine stay put )
elaine : so you and roxanne are hitting it off , huh ?
jerry : oh , i would n't quite say that .
elaine : really ? from a distance , you seemed to be coming on to her .
jerry : i 'm a guy .. it always looks like that .
elaine : because , i was thinking .. are you at all concerned that living in the same building will , y'kno .. cramp our styles ?
jerry : na ..
elaine : because , i was worried that there might be a situation in which one of us come home with somebody , it could get a little uncomfortable . but - as long as
you 're okay with it , it 's fine with me .
( scene cuts to george )
janice : i 've never been able to be with just one person . i can , however , carry on strictly physical relationships which can last for years and years . it 's a shame
you 're married ..
george : ( frantically tries to take the ring off ) i 'm not . it 's just a sociological experiment !
janice : please .. ( walks away )
( jerry walks over to george )
jerry : you have no idea what an idiot it . elaine just gave me a chance to get out and i did n't take it . ( points to himself ) this is an idiot .
george : is that right ? ( showing him up ) i just threw away a lifetime of guilt-free sex and floor seats for ever sporting event in madison square garden . so please ,
a little respect . for i am costanza . lord of the idiots !
roxanne : ( yelling out the window ) you 're all winners !
george : but suddenly , a new contender has emerged ..
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : ( into the phone ) george , i did n't sleep at all last night .. i decided i have to tell her .. i 'm just going to be honest . that 's all .. yes , i 'm nervous .. are you
listening to me ? just put some soap on your finger .. it 'll slide right off .. then try axle grease . ( kramer enters ) i 'll call you back after i talk to her . bye .
kramer : well , it 's all taken care of . everything 's cool .
jerry : what ? what 's cool ?
kramer : elaine .
jerry : what are you talking about ?
kramer : i just found a guy who 's willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the apartment .
jerry : you what ? ! get out ! ten thousand ?
kramer : ( nods ) cash .
jerry : who would pay that much ?
kramer : he 's in the music business .
jerry : elaine would never borrow that much money ! ( hugs kramer , then grabs him by the cheeks ) kramer , my god , man ! this is beautiful ! i think i 'm in the clear
here . elaine 's not moving in ! i do n't have to confront her ! she has no idea i never wanted her to move in .. i '' m golden !
kramer : well , occasionally , i like to help the humans .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( harold and manny are in jerry 's apartment . a pulsing music is coming through the walls )
elaine : wow . you 're right . that is loud .
jerry : it 's just unbelievable .
elaine : they rehearse all the time ?
jerry : all the time . i 've been up there six times . they refuse to stop . i ca n't live like this . i do n't know what i 'm gon na do . i 'm heading for breakdown ! ( to harold )
ca n't you do something ?
harold : i 'm not going up . it stinks up there .
jerry : manny ..
manny : ( in spanish ) they 're allowed to play until eleven o ' clock .
harold : i 'm not the one who said eleven o ' clock . he makes up his own rules .
elaine : boy , too bad . if i was up there , you 'd never hear a peep out of me . i 'm as quiet as a mouse .
( kramer enters )
kramer : ( talking about the music ) oh , i love the one they do right after this one !
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i do n't know . what do you do when a neighbor is making , like , a lot of noise at three o ' clock in the morning ? i mean , can you knock on someone 's door
and tell them to keep it down ? you 're really altering your whole self-image , i mean , what am i ? fred mertz now ? what 's happening to me ? can i do this ? am i a
shusher ? i used to be a shushee . there 's a lot of shushing going on in movie theaters . people are always shushing . shh .. shh .... shhh ... shhh .. does n't work , 'cause
nobody knows where a shush is coming from . they just hear a shh . `` was that a shush ? i think somebody just shushed me . '' some people you ca n't shush in a movie
theater . there 's always that certain group of people , is n't it . they 're talking and talking , and everyone around them is shushing them , and shushing them . they wo n't
shush . they 're the unshushables .

[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i have to tell you that i did some very exciting news recently , and i do n't know if i should really tell you exactly what it is because it 's really not a definite thing yet . well , i will tell you what i know so far . according to the information that i have in the envelope that i 've received , it seems that i may have already won some very valuable prizes . well , thank you , thank you very much , well thank you . it 's very nice to hear that . but , in all honesty , i have to say , i did n't even know i was in this thing . but , according to the readout , it looks like i am among the top people that they are considering . you know , that 's what annoys me about the sweepstakes companies , they always tease you with that , `` you may have already won . '' i 'd like once for a sweepstakes company to have some guts , come out with the truth , just tell people the truth one time . send out envelopes , `` you have definitely lost ! '' you turn it over , giant printing , `` not even close ! '' you open it up , there 's this whole letter of explanation , `` even we can not believe how badly you 've done in this contest . ''
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( george is reading the paper . kramer and jerry both try to enter carrying a large carton with the name seinfeld on it )
jerry : ( trying to get the box through the door . to kramer ) to the right . ( they get it through )
george : that took awhile .
jerry : ( sarcastic ) do n't get up .
george : i 'd like to help , but my neck ..
( the set the box on the table )
george : so how long has it been in the basement ?
jerry : since my grandfather died . i was suppose to send it down to my parents in florida , but they did n't want it . they told me to get rid of it , but i felt funny and then i sort of forgot about it . and it 's been sitting down there for three years .. until he saw it . ( to kramer ) alright , so , just take what you want and let 's get it out of here .
( they open the box , and start going through it )
george : what 's in it ?
jerry : grandpa clothes . i ca n't wear them .
kramer : ( pulls out some socks ) you want these ? knee socks . you do n't wear knee socks .
jerry : no , go ahead . ( looks around his apartment ) look at this place . i ca n't wait to get it cleaned .
george : i know someone who 'll do it . she 's good . she 's honest .
jerry : no , elaine got this writer friend from finland , rava . her boyfriend goes to columbia grad school , and he 's suppose to do it .
george : students ca n't clean . it 's anathema . ( jerry 's confused ) .. they do n't like it .
jerry : how long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation ?
( kramer pulls a statue out of the box )
kramer : now this , i like .
( george 's eyes light up when he sees the statue )
george : wait a second . i ca n't believe this ! let me see this .
kramer : ( getting possesive ) wait , wait , wait ..
george : let me just see it .
kramer : come on ..
( the both grab it )
george : let me just see it for a second . oh my god , it 's exactly the same !
jerry : what ?
george : when i was ten years old , my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment . exactly . and , one day , i grabbed it , and i was using it as a microphone . i was singing , `` macarthur park '' , and i got to the part about , `` i 'll never have that recipe again , '' and it slipped out of my hand and it broke . my parents looked at me like i smashed the ten commandments . to this day , they bring it up . it was the single most damaging experience in my life , aside from seeing my father naked .
( george grips the statue , but kramer wont let go . they start to fight for it )
kramer : c'mon , george . i saw it first .
george : no , kramer . i have to have this statue .
kramer : no , i got dibs !
george : what ? no dibs ! i need this statue . c'mon , give it !
jerry : ( stepping in ) spread out , spread out you numbskulls . why do n't you just settle it like mature adults ?
kramer : potato man !
george : no , no , no potato man .. inka-dink .
( kramer and george both visibly add up in their heads to see who would lose if inka-dink was the way to go )
kramer : okay .. start with me .
george : yeah , good , good .
( jerry begins the childish choosing game of inka-dink , pointing alternately between kramer and george with every syllable )
jerry : inka-dink , a bottle of ink . the cork fell out , and you stink . not because you 're dirty , not because you 're clean - just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine .. ( he lands on kramer , then completes the rhyme ) and you are it ! ( lands on george )
kramer : what ? ! wait a minute . no , no , no . what are you doing ? no , no , oh , oh , okay . he 's out . i get it .
george : no , no , no , no .. i 'm `` it '' . i win .
jerry : no , he 's it . he wins . `` it '' is good .
kramer : do over - start with him .
jerry : no , no , no , come on , kramer . now , you got the socks .
( kramer tosses the statue to george )
kramer : alright , you can have it . okay , i 'm gon na take the suit , and the shoes , and the hat .
jerry : alright , c'mon . let 's go .
kramer : hey , i 'll look like joe friday in dragnet . ( hums out the theme song )
george : ( in shock ) i ca n't believe i won at inka-dink .
jerry : come on , let 's go . ( they go to the door . george sets the statue down ) are n't you gon na take it ?
george : no , no , no , i do n't want to carry it around all night . i 'll pick it up later .
goerge : ( to kramer ) what about your stuff ?
kramer : oh , uh , well - okay . ( balls up the clothes he just got , and throws them into his apartment , and leaves )
jerry : alright , let 's go . hey , you know , you owe me one .
george : what ?
jerry : the inka-dink .. you were `` it '' .
george : `` it '' 's bad ?
jerry : `` it '' very bad .
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
rava : well , if they do n't let you be my editor on this book , i 'll go to another publisher . it 's that simple .
elaine : you told them that ?
rava : of course .
elaine : this is so fantastic . i do n't know how to thank you .
( jerry enters for the bedroom carrying luggage )
jerry : ( frantic ) so , where 's this boyfriend of yours ? i ca n't wait much longer . i 've got a flight .
elaine : oh , probably caught in traffic .
rava : ( serious ) or maybe he 's dead .
jerry : ( joking ) so what do you write , children 's books ?
( there 's a knock at the door )
rava : that 's ray .
( ray enters with cleaning gear )
ray : ah , greetings , greetings , and salutations . i beg your forgiveness . my tardiness was unavoidable . rava , my love . elaine , my dear friend .. and you must be jerry . lord of the manor . ah , my liege . a pleasure to serve you . ( bows )
jerry : ( taken aback ) .. alright .
rava : and we have to get back to work . ( she exits with elaine )
jerry : ( rushed ) i got ta get to the airport .
ray : your place shall sparkle like the stars in heaven upon your save arrival , sire .
jerry : the toilet brush is under the sink .. ( exits )
( scene ends ) [ setting : night club ]
jerry : i do n't really feel that comfortable with a maid , either , because there 's that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house . you know , you 're sitting there on your sofa , and they go by with the vacuum , `` i 'm really sorry about this . i do n't know why i let that stuff over there . '' and that 's why i could never be a maid , because i 'd have an attitude . i 'd find them , whereever they are in the house , `` oh , i suppose you could n't do this ? no , do n't get up , let me clean up your filth . no , you could n't dust . no , this is too tough , is n't it ? ''
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : he really did an amazing job , look ! he uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid . ( opens refrigerator ) he cleaned out the bottom of the little egg cups . come here , look at this . ( gets on his knees ) he cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter . how did he get in there ? he must be like rubber man !
elaine : there 's no rubber man .
jerry : .. why did i think there was a rubber man ? there 's elastic man and plastic man .
elaine : i 'm leaving .
jerry : where are you going ?
elaine : to rava 's house . i 've got ta pick up her manuscript .
jerry : wait . i 'll go with you . ( they both go tward the door . jerry opens it ) elaine , he windexed the little peep hole ! ( the leave )
( scene ends ) [ setting : rava 's apartment ]
( jerry , elaine , and rava sit in the living room )
elaine : ( to rava ) so , the meeting with lippman is all set . he 's the editor-in-chief ! i think because of your request ..
rava : demand . ( the sound of locks being unlocked can be heard ) there 's ray .. late as usual .
( ray enters )
ray : well , this is an unexpected surprise - and delight ! the once and future king of comedy , `` jerry the first , '' gracing our humble abode . rava , we 're in the presence of royalty .
jerry : hey , ray , listen , you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment .
ray : but i did n't just clean your apartment . it was a ritual , a ceremony , a celebration of life .
jerry : ( joking about his personality ) should n't you be out on a ledge somewhere ?
( they all laugh - ray laughs longer than everyone else . jerry savors the laughs of his big fan - then he sees george 's statue on the mantle of the fireplace . he 's stunned by the sight )
rava : the water is boiling . are you having tea ?
elaine and ray : yes .
( jerry 's still stunned )
elaine : jerry ? .. jerry !
jerry : ( snaps out of it ) what ?
rava : ( from the kitchen ) ray , would you give me a hand ?
ray : yeah , i 'm coming !
( he leaves . as soon as both rava and ray are in the kitchen , jerry and elaine start talking in loud whispers )
jerry : ( points to the statue ) i think that 's the statue from my house . that looks like the statue from my house !
elaine : what statue ?
jerry : i had a statue !
elaine : you have a statue ? i never saw a statue .
jerry : my grandfather gave me a statue !
elaine : since when ?
jerry : what 's the difference ? ! that 's the one ! he ripped me off ! this guy ripped me off !
( ray pops his head back into the living room )
ray : do you take sugar ?
jerry and elaine : uhh .. no .
( ray goes back into the kitchen )
jerry : i ca n't believe it ! this guy ripped me off !
elaine : do you realize what you 're saying ?
jerry : yes ! this guy ripped me off ! he stole that statue right out of my house !
( ray pops in again )
ray : lemon ?
jerry and elaine : ( causual ) uh .. sure , yeah ..
( ray goes back into the kitchen )
elaine : are you sure ?
jerry : pretty sure ! ninety-nine percent sure .
elaine : ninety-nine percent sure ? !
( ray and rava both enter , carrying a tray of tea )
ray : ah , sweet elixir . it 's fragrant nectar - a soothing balm for the soul .
( jerry smells it suspiciously - like it 's poisoned . a ding from the kitchen can be heard )
ray : the pastries !
( ray and rava exit in different directions )
elaine : maybe it just looks the same . maybe it 's just a coincidence .
jerry : coincidence ? this guy 's in my apartment and then , just by coincidence , he has the same exact statue in his apartment .
elaine : i never saw the statue .
jerry : i had a statue ! what should i do ?
elaine : i do n't know .
jerry : .. i 'll call kramer . he can check my house . ( grabs the phone , and dials )
elaine : oh jerry , do n't blow this for me .
jerry : do n't worry .. ( whispering into the phone ) kramer ! kramer ! .. it 's jerry ! .. jerry ! .. from next door ! .. never mind where i am ! .. yes , jerry seinfeld ! .. ( rava enters with a manuscript . jerry starts talking casually )
jerry : ma , i told ya , just dip the bread in the batter , and put in right in the pan . okay , bye . ( hangs up ) my mother .. she forgot how to make french toast . you know how mothers are .
rava : my mother left us when i was six years old . all seven of us . he ever heard from her again . i hope she 's rotting in an alley somewhere .
( a long beat passes )
jerry : my mom 's down in florida .. she 's go one of those condos .. hot down there in the summer . you ever been down there ?
( ray enters with a tray of pastries )
ray : i love these pastries . you know , in scandinavian mythology , the pastries were the food of the gods .
jerry : .. listen , i just remembered .. i 'm .. uh , getting a facial .
elaine : ( takes the manuscript ) oh , see you tomarrow morning .
( they go to leave )
ray : oh , how about dinner ?
jerry : no , i do n't eat dinner . dinner 's for suckers . ( they leave )
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : ( on the phone ) uh huh .. yeah .. okay , thanks anyway . bye . ( hangs up ) nope , the cop says it 's my word against his . there 's nothing they can do .
kramer : let 's go get him .
jerry : yeah , right .
george : we ca n't just let him get away with this .
jerry : do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this ? he knew i was gon na know it 's missing , and he took it ! and of all things to take - i left my watch , tape recorder , stereo . he 's crazy .
kramer : you wanta go get him ?
elaine : well , then , if he 's crazy you should just forget it .
george : forget it ? i already called my parents . i told them to expect the surprise of a lifetime . my mother 's making her roasted potatoes !
elaine : george , do you realize that rava 's asked me to edit her book ?
george : who is this rava ?
kramer : i say we get him .
elaine : no !
george : let me just call him .
jerry : i 'll call him . ( picks up the cordless phone . kramer , george , and elaine all struggle for control of the other - so they can listen in on the conversation . as jerry 's talking , the three others still fight ) hello , ray ? .. hi , ray , this is rava 's friend , elaine 's frined , jerry .. the king of comedy .. right . listen , you know that statue on your mantle , the one with the blue lady ? ( to kramer and george ) will you shut up ? ! ( to ray ) yeah , you do n't want to talk about it over the phone ? you do n't want rava to hear ? .. yeah , i understand .. you know that coffee shop near my house , monk 's ? .. alright , tomarrow . one o ' clock . great , okay , bye . ( hangs up )
elaine : ( scrambling ) alright , look , look , look , let 's say he stole it .
george : oh , he stole it ?
elaine : c'mon , you ca n't do anything about it . the cops wo n't do anything . what , are you going to fight him ? why do n't you just .. forget it ?
jerry and george : no .
( scene ends ) [ setting : coffee shop ]
( jerry sits alone . in the next booth to jerry 's back , george is sitting inconspicuously )
george : ( to jerry , without looking at him ) i thought you said one o ' clock .
jerry : relax , he 's late . he 's always late . it 's part of his `` m.o . ''
george : remember , do n't take any crap .
jerry : yeah , yeah .. do n't worry about it .
george : i 'll be right here .
( ray enters )
jerry : ( sarcastic ) that 's comforting .. shh . he 's here . ( greeting him ) ray ?
ray : ( stands next to the table ) oh , jerry . i ca n't believe you asked me about that statue . do you know how much trouble you could 've got me into ?
jerry : .. well , i did n't ..
ray : rava was standing right next to me . i never told her where i got the statue .
george : ( muttering to himself ) i wonder why .
jerry : well , just give it back , and i wo n't say anything .
ray : give it back ?
jerry : yeah .
ray : what are you talking about ?
jerry : what are you talking about ?
george : ( muttering ) what is he talking about ..
ray : i 'm talking about the statue .
jerry : yeah , me too .
ray : give it back to whom ?
jerry : me .
george : ( to himself ) yeah , him .
ray : you ?
jerry : yeah . me .
ray : i 'm not getting this .
george : ( to himself ) you already got it .
jerry : ray , i had a statue in my house . you were in my house - and then i saw it in your house .
ray : what are you saying ?
jerry : what am i saying ?
george : ( to himself ) take a wild guess .
ray : are you saying i stole your statue ?
george : ( to himself ) what a mind .
jerry : well , i ..
ray : i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing .
jerry : i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing .
george : ( to himself ) i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing .
ray : for your information , i got that statue at a pawn shop .
george : ( to himself ) a pawn shop ?
jerry : a pawn shop ?
ray : yes . in chinatown with the money i earned cleaning people 's apartments .
george : ( to himself ) and cleaning them out .
( jerry elbows george - a message to shut up )
jerry : oh , excuse me .. look , ray , you were the only person in my house .
ray : what 's behind this ? it 's rava , is n't it ?
george : ( to himself ) again with the rava .
ray : you want her .
jerry : ( joking ) no , she 's a little too cheery for me .
ray : ( losing it ) she 's from finland , for crying out loud . finland ! do you understand ? !
jerry : i know finland . they 're neutral .
ray : is it me ? do i rub you the wrong way ?
jerry : no , i actually find you quite charming .. a bit verbose at times .
george : ( mocking ) `` oh , i find you so charming '' .. you wuss .
jerry : ( to george ) did you call me a wuss ?
ray : what did you say ?
jerry : i said luss .. i 'm at a luss ..
ray : i would just love to take you down to the shop where i got it .
jerry : that 's not necessary . ( george slams his menu down on the table in anger ) you know , maybe it 's not that bad an idea .
ray : and i would love to . nothing would please me more . but , unfortunately , the guy retired and moved to singapore .
george : ( muttering to himself ) singapore ? ! do you hear this ?
ray : if you really want , maybe i can contact the guy in singapore aand have him make a photostat of the receipt and send it over .
georgge : that 's it ! that 's it ! i ca n't take it . i ca n't take it anymore ! ( gets up , turns around , and confronts ray ) you stole the statue ! you 're a theif ! you 're a liar !
jerry : ( pleading ) george .
ray : ( to jerry ) who is this ?
george : i 'm the judge and the jury , pal . and the verdict is .. guilty !
ray : what 's going on here ?
george : guilty !
ray : your friend is crazy .
george : oh , i 'm crazy !
jerry : ( still pleading ) george , george ..
ray : i 've got to get going . i have a class .
george : oh ho ! class , huh ? at columbia ? let me tell you something , pal . i called the registrar 's office . i checked you out . they have no record of a ray thomas at that school ! you liar !
ray : well , that 's because i 'm registered under my full legal name , raymond thomas wochinski . ray thomas is my professional name .
george : you mean alias .
ray : you are starting to make me angry .
george : well , that was bound to happen !
ray : ( to jerry ) i hope you think about what you 've done here today .. and if you want to call and apologize , you know where to reach me . ( goes to leave )
jerry : hey , ray .
ray : ( stops ) yes ?
jerry : how did you get the goop out of the top of the dishwashing liquid ? it was like a brand-new nozzle !
( scene ends ) [ setting : pendant publishing ]
( elaine and rava are waiting for an elevator )
elaine : nervous ?
rava : why should i be ?
elaine : yeah . right .
rava : your notes are very insightful .
elaine : the book is great . did you go out last night ?
rava : no . we made love on the floor like two animals . ray is insatiable .
elaine : they all are ..
rava : was jerry ?
elaine : i ca n't remember ..
( doors open . they step in )
rava : you know , ray is very upset over these accusations .
elaine : oh , well , i 'm staying out of this one . this is between them . i am not getting involved .
( the doors close . scene cuts to moments later , on another floor . the doors open )
rava : ( annoyed ) so you think he stole it ? !
elaine : well , you have to admit .. the circumstantial evidence .
rava : i admit nothing !
( the doors close . scene cuts to the inside of the elevator )
man : will you put that cigarette out , please ?
( rava ignores him )
elaine : well , i mean , he was in the apartment , and then it 's gon and it 's in your apartment .
rava : maybe you think we 're in cahoots .
elaine : no , no .. but it is quite a coincidence .
rava : yes , that 's all , a coincidence !
elaine : a big coincidence .
rava : not a big coincidence . a coincidence !
elaine : no , that 's a big coincidence .
rava : that 's what a coincidence is ! there are no small coincidences and big coincidences !
elaine : no , there are degrees of coincidences .
rava : no , there are only coincidences ! .. ask anyone ! ( enraged , she asks everone in the elevator ) are there big coincidences and small coincidences , or just coincidences ? ( silent ) .. well ? ! well ? ! ..
( everyone just kinda shrugs , then murmurs . the doors open )
man : will you put that cigarette out ? !
rava : ( pointing the lit end at him ) maybe i put it out on your face ! ( to elaine ) it 's just like ray said - you and jerry are jealous of our love . you 're trying to destroy us .
elaine : should n't you be out on a ledge somewhere ?
( the doors close . scene cuts to another floor . the elevator is empty except for elaine . there 's a janitor 's cart parked right outside the doors . she steps out , then throws the manuscript into the garbage can of the cart , and exits )
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
george : ( on the phone ) ma , will you stop ? .. it 's just a statue ! how is it my fault ? ! .. it was stolen . i did n't even touch it this time .. okay , fine . i do n't se why this should affect to potatoes ! okay . goodbye . ( hangs up ) she does n't react to disappointement very well .. unlike me .
kramer : i 'm not happy about this .
elaine : why do n't we just throw a molotov cocktail through their window ?
george : there 's just no justice . this experience has changed me . it 's made me more cynical , more bitter , more jaded .
jerry : really ?
george : ( casually ) sure . why not ?
elaine : well , how do you think i feel ? instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent , i am proofreading a food allergy cookbook .
jerry : ca n't you talk to your boss ?
elaine : i did . he loves rava .. worse .. he loves ray , and he does n't think you 're funny at all .
kramer : i 'm not happy about this .
jerry : well , perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world , ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice ..
george : yeah .. he 'll have my parents !
( scene ends ) [ setting : rava and ray 's apartment ]
( ray 's home alone . there 's a knock at the door )
kramer : police ! open up !
ray : police ? ( opens the door a crack - kramer barges in like a cop . he 's wearing jerry 's grandfather 's suit and hat . he forces ray against the wall - face first )
kramer : freeze , mother !
ray : hey ..
( kramer shoves him roughly against the wall )
kramer : shut up . spread 'em . i said spread 'em ! ( looks around ) you 're in big trouble son . burglary , grand larceny , possession of stolen goods .. and uh , uh .. murder .
ray : murder ? !
( kramer shoves him against the wall )
kramer : shut up ! keep 'em spread ! just make love to that wall , pervert !
ray : i think you have me confused with somebody else .
kramer : ( afraid he 's got the wrong guy ) is your name ray ?
ray : yeah .
kramer : ( assured ) yeah , you 're the punk i 'm looking for . ( grabs the statue from the mantle , and puts it in his bag )
ray : hey , hey , are you a cop ?
kramer : yeah , i 'm a cop . i 'm a good cop . i 'm a damn good cop ! today 's your lucky day , junior , 'cause i 'm gon na let you off with a warning . any more of this criminal activity , and you 'll be sorry . you got me ?
ray : got you ? i do n't even know what the hell you 're talking about .
kramer : good . good . let 's keep it that way . ( exits )
( scene ends ) [ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( kramer guides jerry , elaine , and george into the apartment )
jerry : alright , alright . what 's the big hubbub , bub ?
( kramer runs to his apartment , then returns with a duffel bag . he places it on the table , and reveals the statue )
george : kramer , i ca n't believe it . oh , you 're my hero !
kramer : yeah .
jerry : kramer , what did you do ?
kramer : well , let 's put it this way : i did n't take him to people 's court .
george : i feel like a huge weight 's been lifted off my shoulders . ( giddily ) i .. i .. i feel happy ! kramer , i do n't know how to thank you !
kramer : well , i 'll think of something .. ( slaps george on the back - sending the statue crashing to the ground )
( scene ends ) [ setting : night club ]
jerry : people are going to steal from you . you ca n't stop them . but , everybody has their own little personal security things - things that they think will foil the crooks , you know ? in your own mind , right ? .. you go to the beach , go in the water , put your wallet in the sneaker . who 's gon na know ? what criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security ? i tied a bow . they ca n't get through that . i put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker . they never look there . they check the heel , they move on .
end of show .
levitan : remind me to tell you what we did in lake george . [ laughing ] get
this ... i got it all on video . [ laughing ]
george : that 's it . this is it . i 'm done . through . it 's over . i 'm gone .
finished . over . i will never work for you again . look at you .
[ laughing ] you think you 're an important man ? is that what you think ? you
are a laughingstock . you are a joke . these people are laughing at
you . you 're nothing ! you have no brains , no ability , nothing ! [ knocking
object over on desk ] i quit !

kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : boy , i have really had it with newman . he wakes me up again last
night at three o'clock in the morning to tell me he 's going up onto the
roof to kill himself .
jerry : well , what 'd you say ?
kramer : i said `` jump . '' well , he 's been threatening to do this for years . i
said `` look , if you 're gon na kill yourself do it already and stop
bothering me . '' at least i 'd respect the guy for accomplishing something .
jerry : what 's his problem ?
kramer : no job . no women .
jerry : he called the right guy .
kramer : what am i supposed to tell him ? how much there is for him to live
for ? why should i lie to him ?
jerry : all right , i 'm leaving . i going to the laundry .
kramer : why do n't you use the machines down in the basement ?
jerry : fluff and fold . the only way to live . [ snapping fingers in tune with
words ] i drop it off . i pick it up . it 's a delight .
kramer : how 'bout if i put a few things --
jerry : wait a sec . i do n't wan na do --
kramer : well , you 're going over there .
jerry : i do n't wan na mix in everything ! my guys do n't know your guys . you
ca n't just lock 'em all in the same machine together . they 'll start a
riot .
kramer : have you ever met my guys ?
jerry : no . i ca n't say as i have .
kramer : well !
jerry : all right . put 'em on top .
kramer : ah !

jerry : oh , beautiful . this stuff on top is my friends ' . could i get it done
in a separate machine ?
vic : i 'll have to charge you for another machine .
jerry : whatever it costs . in fact , i would prefer it if the machines are
not even touching each other . because something could , you know , jump
across .
george : guess what .
jerry : how did you know i was here ?
george : kramer . guess what .
jerry : i do n't know .
george : i quit my job .
jerry : get outta here .
george : i could n't take it anymore .
vic : you can have this on monday .
jerry : what happened ? levitan ?
george : i go in to use his private bathroom , everybody uses it , and then i
get a memo - a memo - telling me to use the men 's room in the hall .
well , [ laughing ] we share it with pace electronics . it 's disgusting !
jerry : you and your toilets .
george : i snapped ! it was the last straw . [ sighs ]
jerry : so , what are you gon na do now ? are you gon na look for something else
in real estate ?
george : nobody 's hiring now . the market 's terrible .
jerry : so what are you gon na do ?
george : i like sports . i could do something in sports .
jerry : uh-huh . uh-huh . in what capacity ?
george : you know , like the general manager of a baseball team or something .
jerry : yeah . well , that - that could be tough to get .
george : well , it does n't even have to be the general manager . maybe i could
be like , an announcer . like a caller man . you know how i always make
those interesting comments during the game .
jerry : yeah . yeah . you make good comments .
george : what about that ?
jerry : well , they tend to give those jobs to ex-ballplayers and people that
are , you know , in broadcasting .
george : well , that 's really not fair .
jerry : i know . well , okay . okay . what else do ya like ?
george : movies . i like to watch movies .
jerry : yeah . yeah .
george : do they pay people to watch movies ?
jerry : projectionists .
george : that 's true .
jerry : but you got ta know how to work the projector .
george : right .
jerry : and it 's probably a union thing .
george : [ scoffs ] those unions . [ sighs ] okay . sports , ... movies . what about a
talk show host ?
jerry : talk show host . that 's good .
george : i think i 'd be good at that . i talk to people all the time . someone
even told me once they thought i 'd be a good talk show host .
jerry : really ?
george : yeah . a couple of people . i do n't get that , though . where do you
start ?
jerry : well , that 's where it gets tricky .
george : you ca n't just walk into a building and say `` i wan na be a talk
show host . ''
jerry : i would n't think so .
george : it 's all politics .
jerry : all right . okay . sports , movies , talk show host . what else ?
george : this could have been a huge mistake .
jerry : well , it does n't sound like you completely thought this through .
george : [ sighs ] what should i do ?
jerry : maybe you can just go back .
george : go back ?
jerry : yeah . pretend like it never happened .
george : you mean just walk into the staff meeting on monday morning like it
never happened ?
jerry : sure . you 're an emotional person . people do n't take you seriously .
george : just .. go back . pretend the whole thing never happened .
jerry : never happened .
george : i was just blowin ' off a little steam . so what ?
jerry : so what ? you 're entitled .
george : i 'm emotional .
jerry : that 's right . you 're emotional .
george : never happened .
jerry : never happened .

george : how ya doin ' ?
glenda : what are you doing here ?
george : what ? i work here .
glenda : i thought you quit .
george : what quit ? [ laughing ] who quit ?
dan : bill , how was your weekend ?
bill : oh , excellent weekend . what about your weekend ?
dan : fine weekend .
george : yeah . good weekend .
dan : went up to the cape . took the kids sailing . [ laughing ] lisa was a
little scared at first , but that kids ' gon na be a good sailor
someday .
george : aw , she 's gon na be a fine sailor .
levitan : ava , what happened to you friday afternoon ?
ava : i got a little tied up .
levitan : i 'll bet you did .
[ laughter breaks out in boardroom ]
levitan : i wan na remind everyone that the tenth anniversary party for rick
barr properties is gon na be wednesday afternoon at four o'clock in
lasky 's bar , madison 48th . i want all of you to be there . this really
means a lot to me . is that costanza over there ? what are you doing
here ?
george : what ?
levitan : am i crazy , or did n't you quit ?
george : when ?
levitan : friday .
george : oh , what ? what ? that ? are you kidding ? i did n't quit . what ? you
took that seriously ?
levitan : you mean , laughingstock ? all that stuff ?
george : come on . will you stop it .
levitan : no brains ? no ability ?
george : teasing .
levitan : okay . i want you outta here .
george : i do n't know where you 're getting this from . i .... you 're serious
are n't you ? oh , [ laughing ] you see ?
levitan : you ca n't win . you ca n't beat me . that 's why i 'm here and you 're
there . because i 'm a winner . i 'll always be a winner and you 'll
always be a loser .
george : `` i 'll always be a winner and you 'll always be a loser . '' this is
what he said to me .
jerry : well , so that 's that .
george : no . that 's not that .
jerry : that 's not that ?
george : no .
jerry : well , if that 's not that , what is that ?
george : i 've got some plans . i got plans .
jerry : what kind of plans ?
george : what 's the difference ?
jerry : you do n't wan na tell me ?
george : i 'm gon na slip him a mickey .
jerry : what ? in his drink ? are you outta your mind ? what ? are you peter
lorre ?
george : you do n't understand . he 's got this big party coming up . he 's been
looking forward to this for months . this is gon na destroy the whole
thing .
jerry : what if you destroy him ?
george : no . no . no . no . no . do n't worry . it 's perfectly safe . i researched
it . he 'll get a little woozy . he might keel over .
jerry : well , wha - what does that do ? big deal .
george : this is what they would do in the movies ! it 's a beautiful thing !
it 's like a movie ! i 'm gon na slip him a mickey !
jerry : you 've really gone mental .
george : nah .
jerry : where are you gon na get this mickey ? i ca n't believe i 'm saying
`` mickey '' !
george : i got a sauce .
jerry : you got a mickey sauce ?
george : and elaine is gon na keep him busy .
jerry : elaine ? how did you rope her into this ?
george : i told her what a sexist he is . how he cheats on his wife .
jerry : she knew that .
george : but she did n't know he does n't recycle .
jerry : what is the point of all this ?
george : revenge .
jerry : oh , the best revenge is living well .
george : there 's no chance of that .
jerry : did you get your laundry ?
kramer : yeah .
jerry : what 's with you ?
kramer : he jumped .
jerry : what ?
kramer : yeah . newman jumped .
jerry : did he call you last night ?
kramer : oh , yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah .
jerry : what did you say ?
kramer : i said `` wave to me when you pass my window . ''
jerry : whew . did he wave ?
kramer : no ! he jumped from the second floor . mr. papanickolous saw him from
across the street . he 's lying out there faking . see , he 's trying to
get back at me .
jerry : oh , my god !
kramer : what 's the matter ?
jerry : well , on thursday when i came home i had $ 1500 on me . for some
reason i decided to hide it in my laundry bag and then i completely
forgot about it ... and then i took the laundry in on friday ! oh , come on ,
let 's go .
kramer : where ? where ?
jerry : to the laundromat .
vic : i never saw it .
kramer : okay . come on . give the guy his money . what -- what are you doing ?
vic : hey , you see that sign right there ?
jerry : oh , i see . so , you put up a sign so you can do whatever you want ?
vic : i 'm not responsible .
jerry : so , anybody leaves anything here , you can just take it ? you have a
license to steal ? you are like the james bond of laundry ?
vic : you ever hear of a bank ?
jerry : come on . let 's go .
kramer : no . you ca n't let him get away with this .
elaine : which one is he ?
george : that 's him over there . the one that looks like a blowfish .
elaine : oh , yeah . i see him .
george : yeah . hey , thanks for doing this .
elaine : why pass up the opportunity to go to prison ?
george : this is by far the most exciting thing i 've ever done .
elaine : yeah . it is kind of cool .
george : first time in my life i 've ever gotten back at someone .
elaine : i ca n't believe we 're doing this . this is the kind of thing they do
in the movies .
george : that 's exactly what i told jerry !
elaine : really ?
george : yes !
[ both laughing ]
george : god , i 've never felt so alive !
jerry : maybe we should call this off .
kramer : come on . what 's the big deal ? just gon na put a little concrete in
the washing machine .
jerry : and what 's gon na happen ?
kramer : well , it 'll gon na mix up with the water , and then by the end of the
cycle it 'll be a solid block !
jerry : if only you could put your mind to something worthwhile . you 're like
lex luthor .
kramer : you keep him busy .
[ kramer , holding heavy bag of concrete in arms , stumbles to machine ,
knocking chairs around ]
[ kramer plops concrete down onto washing machine ]
kramer : whoa !
[ lifting bag into the air , kramer , thrown off balance , stumbles backwards
and slams into dryer ]
george : you go over there -
elaine : yeah .
george : you start flirting with him and i 'll come by and , while you 're
keeping him busy , i 'll slip it in his drink .
elaine : would n't it be easier just to punch him in the mouth ?
levitan : come on ! they 're terrible . they got no infield .
elaine : oops ! 'scuse me .
levitan : yeah .
greeny ( ? ) : i 'm gon na get some food . you want some ?
levitan : nah .
elaine : hi .
levitan : hi .
elaine : [ sneezes ]
levitan : god bless you .
elaine : oh ! thank you . thank you very much . [ blowing nose ] really . i mean
that . i am not one of those people who give insincere thank you 's . no
sir . no sir . when i thank someone i really thank them . so , thank ...
yoooou !
levitan : you 're welcome .
elaine : people do n't say `` god bless you `` as much as they used to . have
you noticed that ?
levitan : no .
elaine : so , i 'm going to a nudist colony next week .
levitan : nudist colony ?
elaine : oh , yeah . yeah . i love nudist colonies . they help me .. unwind . aah !
levitan : [ laughing ] i 'd never been to a nudist colony .
elaine : oh , really ? oh , you should go . they 're great . they 're great . of
course , when it 's over , it 's - it 's hard to get used to all this
clothing , you know . so , a lot of times , i 'll just lock the door to my
office and i 'll just sit there naked .
levitan : seriously ?
elaine : oh , yeah . i usually work naked a ... couple hours a day .
george : [ whispering ] glenda , can i ask you a favor ? can i have this seat ?
glenda : what do you have to sit here for ? there are plenty of other seats .
george : [ whispering ] i ca n't explain . it 's very important that i sit here .
glenda : what are you doing here anyway ? i thought you were fired .
george : [ whispering ] okay . okay . fine .
elaine : i cook naked , i clean .... i clean naked , i drive naked . naked .
naked . naked .
levitan : who are you ?
elaine : oh , you do n't wan na know , mistah . i 'm trouble . big trouble .
[ lid on machine slams shut after kramer opens it , forcing him to pour
concrete all over machine ]
jerry : what about the gentle cycle ? you ever use that ?
[ opening lid , kramer begins to contort & flail arms about as a cloud of
concrete covers his face ]
jerry : do you think it 's effeminate for a man to put clothes in a gentle
cycle ?
[ kramer emptying bag into machine ]
jerry : what about fine fabrics ? how do you deal with that kind of
temperament ?
[ finished with machine , kramer walks to corner of room with half-full bag &
drops it on the floor ]
[ kramer giving `` ok '' sign ]
[ kramer starting machine & trying to brush the mounds of concrete off of
the machine ]
jerry : what about stone washing ? you ever witness one of those ? that must
be something .
what ? do they just pummel the jeans with rocks ?
[ kramer walks over to where jerry is standing , his entire body covered with
dry concrete ]
kramer : i did n't realize it was a full box .
george : i 'm gon na count to three . if you do n't give up the chair , the wig
is coming off .
glenda : i do n't ' wear a wig .
george : one ...
elaine : no . no . no . no . no . i do n't really have a phone . in fact , i - i
really do n't have an apartment . i kinda sleep around .
[ levitan & elaine laughing ]
elaine : i just like to have and few drinks and just let the guy do whatever
he wants . would you close your eyes for a second ? i wan na tell you a
secret about my bra .
[ george empties contents of tiny bottle into levitan 's drink ]
[ elaine & levitan laughing ]
george : hello , rick .
levitan : heh heh heh hey ! look who 's here !
george : that 's right , ricky boy , it 's me !
levitan : you know something , costanza ? i 'm a very lucky man .
george : oh !
levitan : i 've always been lucky . things just seem to fall right in my lap .
george : boom !
[ all laughing ]
levitan : you would n't believe it if i told you . in fact , uh , i 'm glad
you 're here . you know , maybe i 've been a little rough on ya , huh ?
george : oh .
levitan : why should we let petty , personal differences get in the way of
business ? i , uh , i want
you to come back . you can use my bathroom anytime you want .
george : you want me to come back ? uh ...
levitan : hey ! how about a toast , huh ? everybody , a toast !
george : rick .
levitan : everyone , i wan na propose a toast to ten great years at rick barr
properties .
george : uh , rick ..
levitan : and all the people in this room , [ clears throat ] that made that
possible ..
george : rick .
levitan : i 'd also like to welcome back into the fold our .. our little
shrimpy friend , george costanza who , although he did n't really have a
very good year -- how you blew that mcconnell deal , i 'll never know . but ,
hey , what the hell , huh ? we 've always enjoyed his antics around the
office . heh heh . anything you wan na add to this ?
george : drink up . i like history . civil war . maybe i could be a professor ,
or something .
elaine : well , to teach something you really have to know a lot about it . i
think you need a degree .
jerry : yeah . that 's true . what ? my god , the money ! the 1500 ! where 'd you
find it ?
kramer : it was in my laundry .
jerry : in your laundry the whole time ? i told you not to mix in our guys .
what did we figure the damage on that machine would be ?
kramer : it was about 1200 bucks .
newman : kramer !
kramer : oh ! that 's newman .
newman : i 'm on the roof !
kramer : well , what are you waiting for ?
jerry : elaine , come on , take a walk with me down to the laundromat . i got ta
pay this guy the money ..
george : i like horses . maybe i could be a stable boy .
kramer : you wan na shoot some pool tonight ?
newman : i ca n't . i 'm goin ' to the movies .
george : nah . it 's probably a union thing .
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : you know , i tell ya , i got ta say that i 'm enjoying adulthood . for a lot of reasons . and , i 'll tell you reason number one : as an adult , if i want a cookie , i have
a cookie , okay ? i have three cookies or four cookies , or eleven cookies if i want . many times i will intentionally ruin my entire appetite . just ruin it . and then , i call
my mother up right after to tell her that i did it . `` hello , mom ? yeah , i just ruined my entire appetite .. cookies . '' so what if you ruin .. see , because as an adult , we
understand even if you ruin an appetite , there 's another appetite coming right behind it . there 's no danger in running out of appetites . i 've got millions of them , i 'll ruin
them whenever i want !
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's sitting on his couch in the dark , watching tv )
tv voice : ( germanic ) look , sigmund . look in the sky . the planets are on fire . it is just as you prophesied . the planets of our solar system , incinerating . like
flaming globes , sigmund . like flaming globes .. ah , ha , ha , ha ..
( jerry 's now asleep )
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's bedroom ]
( jerry 's laying in his bed . he wakes suddenly , picks up a pen and scribbles something down on a pad . he laughs , shakes his head , then goes back to sleep , laughing
to himself )
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
( jerry looks tired . he 's staring at a crumpled piece of note paper . george takes out a cucumber from a bag in his pocket )
elaine : what do you got , a cucumber ?
george : yeah , so what ?
elaine : you 're bringing in an outside cucumber ?
george : they refuse to put cucumber in the salad . i need cucumber .
jerry : ( trying to read the note ) what have i done ? i ca n't read this ! ful-hel-mo-nen-ter-val ? i got up last night , i wrote this down , i thought i had this great bit .
( tries to focus on the paper ) wait a second , wait a second .. `` fax me some halibut . '' is that funny ? is that a joke ?
elaine : no . let me see that . ( takes the paper from jerry ) don't-mess-with-johnny . ''
jerry : johnny ? johnny who ? johnny carson ? did i insult johnny on the tonight show ?
elaine : ( joking ) did you mess with johnny , jerry ?
george : let me see that . ( studies the note )
elaine : hey , where 's kramer ?
jerry : i do n't know . that 's like asking `` where 's waldo ? ''
george : ( still holding the note ) i think i 'm having a heart attack .
jerry : i do n't think that 's it .
george : i 'm not kidding .
jerry : what does that mean ?
elaine : i think what he 's trying to say is that he 's having a heart attack .
jerry : oh , he 's having a heart attack .
george : tightness ..
jerry : c'mon .
george : shortness of breath ..
jerry : oh , this is ridiculous .
george : radiating waves of pain ..
jerry : i know what this is . you saw that show on pbs last night , coronary country . ( to elaine ) i saw it in the tv guide . i called him and told him to make sure
and not watch it .
george : there was nothing else on . oh , the left arm .. the left arm .
jerry : ( to elaine ) he saw that show on anorexia last year , and ate like an animal for two weeks .
george : why ca n't i have a heart attack ? i 'm allowed .
jerry : so what do you want ? you want me take you to the hospital ?
george : manhattan memorial , less of a line .
jerry : i 'll call an ambulance . ( exits )
( a waitress approaches . george is dying , but the waitress does n't seem to notice )
waitress : is everything alright ?
george : we 'll just take a check . ( she leaves the check . george , in all his cheapness , ca n't help but to review the check . he finds an error ) you made a mistake
on the ..
elaine : george !
( scene ends )
[ setting : hospital room ]
( george lies in the bed . he has ekg cups on his chest , a tube up his nose , and an iv in his arm . the man in the neighboring bed seems to be in pain )
man : ooohhh ... argghhh ..
george : are .. are you okay ?
man : ooooooohhh ..
george : i 'm george .. george costanza .. i 've never been in the hospital a day in my life .. except when i had my tonsils out . you know , they never gave me any
ice cream . i always felt that-
man : shut up !
( scene goes to jerry . he 's standing at the doorway , showing the note to a nurse )
jerry : well ? what do you think ?
nurse 1 : `` salami , salami , bologna . '' definitely .
jerry : `` salami salami bologna '' ?
doctor : ( in a hurry ) oh , your friend 's fine . he did n't have a heart attack . i 'll be in - in a few minutes .
jerry : ( sarcastic ) what a surprise . ( enters george 's room overly sympathetic - leading george to think that the doctor told jerry something significant ) hey , how
ya doin ' buddy ? you need anything ? do you want me to go out and get you a superman comic ?
george : no , no thanks .
jerry : ( still going along with the practical joke ) you know , i was wondering .. you know that black hawks jacket you have ?
george : oh , sure , my black hawks jacket . i love my black hawks jacket .
jerry : well , you know , i was thinking - if things do n't exactly work out ..
george : well , it would n't fit you . the sleeves are too short .
jerry : no , i tried it on . it fits good .
george : well , i did n't really think about what i was gon na do with all ..
jerry : well , you know ..
george : ( reluctantly ) well , okay .
jerry : oh , and .. do you think it would be alright if i called susan davis ?
george : susan davis ? ( getting possessive ) hey , wait a second ..
jerry : well , it 's not like we 'd be bumping into you .
george : i do n't know .. you and susan davis ?
jerry : you know , if your future was a little more certain ..
george : okay , go ahead . call her , get married , have babies , have a great life .. what do i care ? i 'm finished . ( really depressed ) it 's all over for me . in fact , let 's
end it right now . jerry , kill me , kill me now . i 'm begging you . let 's just get it over with . be a pal .. just take the pillow and put it over my face .
jerry : well , ah .. ( takes his pillow ) what ? kind of like this ? ( violently smothers george with the pillow . george freaks out . he did n't think jerry would actually
do it )
george : what are ya doing ? ! whadya , crazy ? !
( elaine enters - she gets a clear shot of jerry 's jokingly trying to kill george )
elaine : jerry !
jerry : ( acts like he was cought red-handed ) elaine , what are you doing here ? ( takes the pillow off george , and puts it back on his bed )
george : ( to jerry ) jerk off .
( jerry goes over to elaine )
jerry : ( whispering ) there 's nothing wrong with him . i saw the doctor . he 's fine .
( they both go to george 's bed . elaine decides to go along with jerry 's joke )
elaine : hi , george . how ya feeling ? is anybody getting your apartment ?
( jerry and elaine both sit down , and have their own conversation . they completely ignore george )
george : i 'll tell ya , if i ever get out of here , i 'm gon na change my life . i 'm gon na do a whole zen thing . take up yoga , meditate .. i 'll eat right . calm down , lose my
anger .. ( sees jerry and elaine are n't listening . he snaps ) hey , is anybody listening ? !
( the doctor enters . elaine and the doctor exchange an awkward , romantic glance )
doctor : ( to elaine ) uh , hello . ( to george ) uh , mr. costanza ?
george : ( panicky ) uh , yeah . you know , doctor , i got ta tell you , i feel a lot better .
doctor : well , we looked at your ekg 's , ran some tests , did a complete work-up .
george : ( getting in a more panicked state ) oh god , mommy !
doctor : and you simply have n't had a heart attack .
george : ( relieved ) i have n't ? i 'm okay ? i 'm okay ? oh , thank you , thank you , doctor ! i do n't know how to thank you .
jerry : ( sarcastic ) hey , that was really fun , george . can we go home now ?
doctor : no , actually , we 'd like to keep him here overnight for observation , just to be safe .
george : oh , sure . sure , anything . can you believe it ? there 's nothing wrong with me .
doctor : well , i would n't go that far .
george : ( starting to panic again ) what ? oh my god . what ? is it meningitis ? scoliosis ? lupis ? ! is it lupis ? !
doctor : have you ever had your tonsils taken out ?
george : my tonsils ? yeah , when i was a kid .
doctor : well , they 've grown back . your adenoids are swollen too .
george : really ?
elaine : ( jokingly hits the doctor ) whose tonsils grow back ? ( laughs )
doctor : it happens .
jerry : yeah , if you 've been exposed to gamma rays .
elaine : i still have my tonsils . everyone in my family has their tonsils . in fact , we were forbidden to socialize with anyone who did n't have their tonsils .
doctor : that 's interesting . because , no one in my family has their tonsils , and we were forbidden to socialize with tonsil people .
jerry : ( sarcastically ) well , it 's like the capulets and the montagues .
george : ( drawing attention back to him ) excuse me !
doctor : anyway , i strongly recommend they come out .
george : what ? you mean with a knife ?
doctor : yes . with a knife . you know , snip , snip . anyway , you 'd be completely under , you would n't feel a thing . and when you wake up , you can have some ice
cream .
george : ( angry ) yeah , that 's what they told me the last time .
doctor : think about it . ( turns to leave , but runs into elaine ) excuse me .
elaine : ( flustered ) oh , i 'm sorry . ( doctor exits ) i just .. have to ask that doctor one more question . ( leaves )
jerry : women go after doctors like men go after models . they want someone with knowledge of the body .. we just want the body .
( kramer enters , eating off a tray of hospital food )
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : boy , they got a great cafeteria downstairs . hot food , sandwiches , a salad bar .. it 's like a sizzler 's opened up a hospital ! ( sits and starts eating ) so , how
did you have a heart attack ? you 're a young man . what were you doing ? are they gon na do a zipper job ? oh , they love to do zipper jobs .
jerry : ( trying to shut him up ) kramer .
kramer : the really bad thing about the heart is the sex thing . see , you got ta be careful about sex now . you get that heart pumping and suddenly , boom ! next
thing you know , you got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage .
jerry : kramer , george did n't have a heart attack .
kramer : no ? that 's good .
george : i have to have my tonsils taken out .
kramer : oh man .. no .. george , we got ta get you outta here . get out ! right now ! they 'll kill ya in here .
jerry : ( trying to calm george down ) it 's routine surgery .
kramer : oh yeah ? my friend , bob saccomanno , he came in here for a hernia operation .. oh yeah , routine surgery .. now he 's sittin ' around in a chair by a
window going , `` my name is bob '' .. george , whatever you do , do n't let 'em cut you . do n't let 'em cut you ..
george : well , what should i do , kramer ?
jerry : well , for one think , do n't listen to him .
kramer : i 'll tell you what to do , i 'll tell you what to do . you go to tor eckman . tor , tor , he 'll fix you right up . he 's a herbalist , a healer , george . he 's not just
gon na fix the tonsils and the adenoids , he is gon na change the whole way you function - body and mind .
jerry : eckman ? i thought he was doing time ?
kramer : no , no , he 's out . he got out . see , the medical establishment , see , they tried to frame him . it 's all politics . but he 's a rebel .
jerry : a rebel ? no . johnny yuma was a rebel . eckman is a nut . george , you want to take care of your tonsils , you do it in a hospital . with a doctor .
kramer : he 's holistic , george . he 's holistic .
george : holistic .. that sounds right .
jerry : george , you need a medical doctor .
george : ( to jerry ) let me ask you something .. how much do you think it would cost to have tonsils and adenoids removed in the hospital ?
jerry : well , an overnight stay in a hospital ? minor surgery ? i dunno , four grand .
george : uh-huh . and how much does the healer charge ?
kramer : first visit ? thirty-eight bucks .
george : oh , yeah ? holistic .. that 's what i need . that 's the answer .
( scene ends )
[ setting : healer 's apartment ]
( jerry and george are sitting on huge pillows on the apartment floor . kramers fiddling with an acupuncture model )
george : so , how do you like the way i talked you into comin ' down here ?
jerry : do n't flatter yourself , my friend . i 'm here strictly for material , and i have a feeling this is a potential gold mine .. i still think you 're nuts , though .
george : all i know is i 've been going to doctors all my life . what has it gotten me ? i 'm thirty-three years old . i have n't outgrown the problems of puberty , i 'm
already facing the problems of old age . i completely skipped healthy adulthood . i went from having orgasms immediately to taking forever . you could do your taxes
in the time it takes me to have an orgasm . i 've never had a normal , medium orgasm .
jerry : ( jokingly making fun of george ) i 've never had a really good pickle .
george : besides , what 's it gon na cost me ? thirty-eight bucks ?
( tor enters . he hugs kramer for a long time , then walks over to jerry and george )
tor : ( to jerry ) would you not put your foot on that please ?
jerry : sorry .
( tor sits down , and turns tward george )
tor : what month were you born ?
george : april .
tor : you should have been born in august . your parents would have been well-advised to wait .
george : really ?
tor : do you use hot water in the shower ?
george : yes .
tor : stop using it .
george : .. okay .
kramer : i 'm off hot water .
tor : kramer tells me that you are interested in an alternative to surgery .
george : yes , yes i am .
tor : ( blows into george 's face ) i think we can help you . see , unfortunately , the medical establishment is a business like any other business . and business needs
customers . and , they want to sell you their most expensive item which is unnecessary surgery .
george : ( still on the showers ) can i use hot water on my face ?
tor : no . you know , i am not a business man . i 'm a holistic healer . it 's a calling , it 's a gift . you see , it 's in the best interest of the medical profession that you remain
sick . you see , that insures good business . you 're not a patient . you 're a customer .
jerry : ( he thinks this , the audience can hear his thoughts ) and you 're not a doctor , but you play one in real life .
george : ( still on the hot water ) what about shaving ?
tor : ( to jerry ) you 're eating too much dairy . ( to george ) may i ? ( reaches over , and touches george 's face )
george : i guess so .
tor : ( feeling george 's face ) you see , you are in disharmony . the throat is the gateway to the lung . tonsillitis , adenoiditis , is , in chinese medical terms , and invasion
of heat and wind .
jerry : ( again , we hear his thoughts ) there 's some hot air blowing in here ..
tor : you know , i lived with the eskimos many years ago , and they used to plunge their faces into the snow .
george : ( once again , still on the shower ) could it be lukewarm ?
jerry : too much dairy ? you really think i 'm eating too much dairy ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : doctor 's car ]
( the doctor and elaine are almost done with their date . the doctor is speaking seductively to elaine while holding out her tongue )
doctor : .. the tongue .. yes , the tongue .. or , in medical terms , the glossa . it 's a muscular organ .. consists of two parts .. the body , and the root .. you see , it 's
covered by this mucous membrane .. these little raised projections are the papillae , which give it that furry appearance . very tactile ..
( the doctor is still holding her tongue )
elaine : uh-huh .
( scene ends )
[ setting : healer 's apartment ]
tor : ( pouring tea ) your tea is ready now . this will solve your so-called tonsil problem . it 's a special concoction . it contains crampbark .
jerry : i love crampbark .
tor : cleavers .
jerry : cleaver , i once had cleaver as a kid . i was able to lift a car .
tor : and some couchgrass .
jerry : couchgrass and crampbark ? you know , i think that 's what killed curly .
( tor hands george the tea . george is n't willing to drink it right away . jerry looks skeptical , kramer , on the other hand , is enthusiastic )
kramer : go ahead , drink it , george .
jerry : excuse me , tor . may i ask you a question ? you have intuitive abilities . you 're in touch with a lot of this cosmic kind of things .. i have this note i ca n't read .
i was wondering if-
tor : ( takes the note , then laughs when he reads it ) oh , yes .. yes .. `` cleveland 117 , san antonio 109 .. ( hands note back to jerry )
kramer : go ahead , drink it , george .
george : ( takes a sip ) hey , it 's not too bad ..
( scene ends )
[ setting : ambulance ]
( george 's strapped down on a gurney . his face is purple , and he 's screaming . jerry and kramer are trying to calm him down . the driver and the assistant in the
back are having a huge fight )
george : ( in a state of hysteria ) i 'm an eggplant ! i 'm an eggplant ! i 'm a minstrel man !
driver : ( to assistant ) i did n't take your chuckle , man !
assistant : i had five chuckles . i ate a green one , and the yellow one , and the red one is missing !
driver : i do n't even like chuckles !
jerry : ( to assistant ) maybe he does n't like them . that 's possible .
george : my face ! my face ! get me to the hospital !
assistant : i want that chuckle ! you hear me ? !
jerry : ( to assistant ) i 'll get you a chuckle . you want me to get you a chuckle ?
assistant : ( angry , to driver ) pull over !
driver : pull over ? did you say pull over ? ! you want a piece of me ? !
assistant : yeah !
jerry : you 're gon na fight ?
george : now ? ! i 'm a mutant !
kramer : ( to driver ) hey , let me drive .
assistant : come on , man . pull over !
driver : alright ! i 'm gon na mess you up , man !
( ambulance comes to a screeching halt . driver gets out , and the assistant heads for the back door )
jerry : ( pleading ) really , gentlemen , please .
george : my heart ! my heart ! ( to assistant ) where you going ? are you crazy ? !
assistant : i 'm gon na kick his ass .
kramer : ( to assistant ) hey , you have keys ?
george : you ca n't leave ! this is an ambulance ! this is an emergency !
( the assistant leaves . jerry , kramer , and george watch the two fight )
jerry : all this for a chuckle .
kramer : what 's a chuckle ?
jerry : it 's a jelly candy . it comes in five flavors .
( scene ends )
[ setting : doctor 's car ]
( he 's still holding elaine 's tongue )
doctor : you see , taste buds run on grooves along the surfaces .
elaine : can you let go of my tongue now ?
doctor : what ?
elaine : let go of my tongue !
doctor : ( lets go ) oh , sorry .
elaine : well , i should get going .. ( the doctor leans in for a kiss . elaine stops him ) what are you doing ?
doctor : i was going to kiss you good night .
elaine : a kiss ? with the tongue ? the glossa with the bumps and the papillae ? .. yech , i do n't think so . ( leaves )
( scene ends )
[ setting : ambulance ]
( it 's now moving . the driver 's behind the wheel , but the assistant is nowhere in sight )
jerry : you just ca n't leave him out there .
driver : i told him i was gon na mess him up .
kramer : well , can you call him an ambulance ?
driver : i told him i did n't take his chuckle . i do n't eat that gooey crap !
kramer : hey , watch the road ! watch the road , man !
driver : ( turns back , facing kramer ) hey , man , you want some of what he got ? !
jerry and kramer : watch out !
( the ambulance crashes into something )
( scene ends )
[ setting : hospital room ]
( george is in the bed , watching tv , wearing a neck brace . jerry enters limping and wearing a neck brace , also . he talks to george , but george ca n't respond
verbally )
jerry : how ya doing ? ( george nods ) ca n't talk ? ( george shakes his head . jerry gestures to his brace ) hey , how 'd you get the plastic one ? ( george raises his
eyebrows ) i like that . ( george sticks his tongue out ) so how 's life without tonsils ? ( george quickly indicates with his arm that he wants ice cream ) what ? what 's
that ? .. so , how much is this thing gon na cost you now ? like , five , six thousand ? .. ( george signals that it 's more ) well , live and learn .. at least we lived . kramer went
to eckman .. he feels better alreadyy .. ( george motions for ice cream again ) what are you doing ?
( elaine enters )
elaine : oh , poor george . oh , i 'm sorry , but i ca n't stay long . i do n't want to run into doctor tongue .. here , i brought you something . ( takes out a pint of ice
cream . george gets excited ) oh , please , come on .. it was nothing .
( nurse enters )
jerry : hey , check the tv .
( the tv is showing the same exact movie jerry was watching at the start of the show )
tv voice : ( germanic ) it 's just as you prophesied . the planets of our solar system , incinerating . like flaming globes , sigmond . like flaming globes . ah , ha , ha , ha ..
jerry : ( pulls the note out of his pocket ) that 's it ! that 's it ! flaming globes of sigmond ! flaming globes of sigmond ! that 's my note ! tha'ts what i thought was so
funny ? ! .. that 's not funny .. there 's nothing funny about that .
man in neighboring bed : shut up !
( george throws the whole carton of ice cream over the separating curtan )
man : aaahhhgggg !
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i have a friend who 's a hypochondriac , always thinks he 's sick - never is . and they , you have another type of person , always thinks they 're well , not matter
how bad they really are . you know this type of person ? very annoying . `` feel great .. like being on the respirator .. intravenous heart/lung machine . i never felt better
in my life . '' medical science is making advances every day in control health problems . in fact , it 's probably only a matter of time before a heart attack , you know ,
becomes like , a head ache . we 'll just see people on tv going , `` i had a heart attack this big ( holds out hands , gesturing bigness ) .. but , i gave myself one of these .
clear ! ( puts imaginary electrode panels to his chest ) brrhht .. and it 's gone ! ''
end of show .
opening monologue : i 've been watching women in the department stores . they 're trying on clothes , and i 've noticed that they do it differently from men . women do n't try on the clothes , they get behind the clothes , you see ? they take a dress off the rack , and they hold it up against themself . they can tell something from this . they stick one leg way out 'cause they nedd to know , if some day i 'm one-legged , and at a fourty-five degree angle , what am i gon na wear ? you never see a man do that . you never see a guy take a suit off the rack , put his head in the neck , and go , `` what do you think about this suit ? i think i 'll get it . yeah , it looks fine . put some shoes by the bottom of the pants , i wan na make sure . yeah , perfect . and what if i 'm walking ? move the shoes , move the shoes , move the shoes , move the shoes .
% while jerry and elaine are sitting on jerry 's couch watching the tube , elaine is flipping through the channels constantly .
jerry : what are you doing ? all right , all right . what 's the matter with that ? what about that one ?
elaine : robert vaughn , the helsinki formula ?
jerry : he was good in man from uncle .
elaine : guess whose birthday 's comin ' up soon ?
jerry : i know , i 'm having my root canal the same week .
elaine : oh , right . i hope you have a good oral surgeon because that can be very serious . ( changes channel ) hey , look at naked people .
jerry : no , i do n't wan na see the naked people .
elaine : been a while ?
jerry : i have a vague recollection of doing something with someone , but it was a long , long time ago .
elaine : i think my last time was in rochester . my hair was a lot shorter .
jerry : i remember that it 's a good thing . someday , i hope to do it again . ( jerry looks at elaine )
elaine : what ?
jerry : what ?
elaine : what was that look ?
jerry : what look ?
elaine : the look you just gave me .
jerry : i gave a look ?
elaine : yes .
jerry : what kind of look ?
elaine : i know that look .
jerry : then what was it ?
elaine : why should i tell you ?
jerry : well , you 're the big look expert . i wan na see how smart you are .
elaine : trust me . i know the look . ( pause ) so ...
jerry : what ?
elaine : what about the look ?
jerry : i do n't know .
elaine : you got something on your mind ?
jerry : no . things pop into your head . you ?
elaine : things occur to me from time to time .
jerry : yeah , me too . well , you ca n't expect to just forget the past completely .
elaine : no , of course not .
jerry : i mean , it was something we did . probably about , what ? twenty-five times ?
elaine : thirty-seven .
jerry : yeah , we pretty much know what we 're doin ' in there . ( points to bedroom )
elaine : we know the terrain .
jerry : no big surprises .
elaine : nope .
jerry : what do you think ?
elaine : i do n't know . what do you think ?
jerry : well , it 's something to consider .
elaine : yeah .
jerry : i mean , let 's say we did .
elaine : what if .
jerry : is that like the end of the world or something ?
elaine : certainly not .
jerry : why should n't we be able to do that once in a while if we want to ?
elaine : i know .
jerry : i mean , really , what is the big deal ? we go in there . ( points to the bedroom ) we 're in there for a while . we come right back out here . it 's not complicated .
elaine : it 's almost stupid if we did n't .
jerry : it 's moronic .
elaine : absurd !
jerry : of course , i guess , maybe , some little problems could arise .
elaine : we , there are always a few .
jerry : i mean , if anything happened , and we could n't be friends the way we are now , that would be really bad .
elaine : devastating .
jerry : because this is very good . ( points back and forth between them to indicate friendship )
elaine : and that would be good . ( points to bedroom )
jerry : that would be good too . the idea is combine the this and the that . but this can not be disturbed .
elaine : yeah , we just wan na take this and add that .
jerry : but of course , we 'd have to figure out a way to avoid the things that cause the little problems . maybe some rules or something .
elaine : huh .
jerry : for example , now , i call you whenever i 'm inclined and vice versa .
elaine : right .
jerry : but if we did that , we might feel a certain obligation to call .
elaine : well why should that be ? oh , i have an idea . i have an idea . no call the day after that .
jerry : beautiful . let 's make it a rule .
elaine : all right , sir .
jerry : now here 's another little rule . when we see each other now , we retire to our separate quarters . but sometimes , when people get involved with that , they feel pressure to sleep over . when that is not really sleep . sleep is separate from that . and i do n't see why sleep got all tied up and connected with that .
elaine : okay , okay . spending the night is optional !
jerry : well now we 're gettin ' somewhere .
elaine : what about the kiss goodnight ?
jerry : tough one . you 're call .
elaine : it 's brug-wa ( ? ) .
jerry : fine . well .
elaine : well .
jerry : you ready ?
elaine : ready .
jerry : so think you can handle this ?
elaine : definitely . ( runs into bookshelf )
% jerry 's apartment the next day . kramer enters .
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : got the paper ?
jerry : not yet .
kramer : no paper ?
jerry : i have n't been out yet .
kramer : well , what 's taking you so long ? ( elaine enters from the bedroom . kramer is a little shocked ) uh ? oh , well , yeah ... ( he exits )
% george and jerry at monk 's .
george : what 's the deal with aquaman ? could he go on land , or was he just restricted to water ?
jerry : no , i think i saw him on land a couple times . so how 's the job situation goin ' ?
george : still lookin ' . it 's pretty bad out there . what about you ?
jerry : nothin ' much . i slept with elaine last night .
george : oxygen ! i need some oxygen ! this is major .
jerry : i thought you 'd like that .
george : oh , this is huge !
jerry : i know .
george : all right , okay . let 's go , details .
jerry : no , i ca n't do details .
george : you wha ?
jerry : i ca n't give details .
george : no details ?
jerry : i 'm not in the mood .
george : you ask me to have lunch , tell me you slept with elaine , and then say you 're not in the mood for details . now you listen to me . i want details and i want them right now . i do n't have a job , i have no place to go . you 're not in the mood ? well you get in the mood !
jerry : all right , okay . we 're in the apartment watching tv .
george : where are you sitting ?
jerry : on the couch .
george : next to each other ?
jerry : no , separated .
george : time ?
jerry : about eleven .
george : okay , go ahead .
jerry : so she 's flipping around the tv , and she gets to the naked station .
george : oh , see ? that 's why i do n't have cable in my house . because of that naked station . if i had that in my house , i would never turn it off . i would n't sleep , i would n't eat . eventually , firemen would have to break through the door , they 'd find me sitting there in my pajamas with drool coming down my face . all right , all right . so you 're watching the naked station .
jerry : and then , somehow , we started talking about , what if we had sex .
george : boy , these are really bad details .
jerry : it pains me to say this , but i may be getting to mature for details .
george : oh i hate to hear this . that kind of growth really irritates me .
jerry : well . i 'll tell you though . it was really passionate .
george : better than before ?
jerry : she must 've taken some kind of seminar or something .
george : this is all too much . so what are you feeling ? what 's going on ? are you like a couple again now ?
jerry : not exactly .
george : not exactly . what does that mean ?
jerry : well , we 've tried to arrange a situation where we 'll be able to do this once in a while and still be friends . ( george laughs hysterically and stands oiut of his seat )
george : where are you living ? are you here ? are you on this planet ? it 's impossible . it ca n't be done . ( he sits back down ) thousands of years people have been trying to have their cake and eat it too . so all of a sudden the two of you are going to come along and do it . where do you get the ego ? no one can do it . it ca n't be done .
jerry : i think we 've worked out a system .
george : oh , you know what you 're like ? you 're like a pathetic gambler . you 're one of those losers in las vegas who keeps thinking he 's gon na come up with a way to win at blackjack .
jerry : no , this is very advanced . we 've designed at set of rules that we can maintain the friendship by advancing all of the relationship pitfalls .
george : sure , all right . tell me the rules .
jerry : okay . no calls the next day .
george : ( to himself ) so you 're havin ' the sex , next day you do n't have to call . that 's pretty good . ( back to jerry ) go ahead .
jerry : you ready for the second one ?
george : i have tell you , i 'm pretty impressed with the first one .
jerry : spending the night . optional .
george : no , you see ? you got greedy .
jerry : no , that 's the rule . it 's optional .
george : i know less about women than anyone in the world . but one thing i do know is they 're not happy if you do n't spend the night . i could be a hot , sweaty room with no air conditioning and all they have is a little army cot this wide ( displays with french fry ) you 're not going anywhere .
jerry : i think you 're wrong .
george : i hope i am .
% at elaine 's apartment , jerry opens the fridge and pulls out a piece of cake .
jerry : is this yours or the roommate 's ?
elaine : the roommate 's .
jerry : would she mind ?
elaine : she keeps track of everything .
jerry : well , that 's too bad , 'cause i 'm takin ' it .
elaine : thanks .
jerry : well , guess i 'll get going .
elaine : oh .
jerry : well , i have that root canal tomorrow morning . it 'll be easier if i go home .
elaine : fine , go away .
jerry : i do n't understand . is there a problem ? ( elaine is pulling a roll of paper towels about twenty feet long ) i 'm getting the impression there 's a problem .
elaine : just go .
jerry : i 'm having surgery tomorrow .
elaine : oh , surgery . you 're going to the dentist .
jerry : but you said , it can be very serious .
elaine : okay , so fine . go .
jerry : what happened to the rules ? remember ? sleeping over was optional .
elaine : yeah , it 's my house , it 's my option .
jerry : it has nothing to do with whose house it is .
elaine : oh , of course it does . ( elaine 's roommate , tina , enters )
tina : hi .
elaine + jerry : hi .
tina : hi , jerry .
jerry : hi .
tina : such a great improv class tonight .
elaine : oh really ?
tina : i had this improv where i pretended i was working in one of those booths . you know , in the amusement park , where you have to shoot the water in the clown 's mouth and you have to blow up the balloon .
elaine : uh , tina ? could you excuse us for just one second ?
tina : oh , yeah . i 'll excuse you . ( she walks away )
elaine : what are you doing ?
jerry : i ca n't go if you 're mad .
elaine : i 'm not mad .
jerry : you seemed a little mad .
elaine : no , no . jerry , i 'm fine really . it 's okay .
jerry : so you 're okay with everything ?
elaine : definitely . are you ?
jerry : definitely . well , goodnight .
elaine : goodn -- ( he starts to kiss her ) what 're you doing ?
jerry : what ?
elaine : rules .
tina : hey , who took my cake ? ( jerry exits quickly )
% jerry and george are at the store .
george : what about jewelry ? that 's very nice gift .
jerry : no , no . i have to be very careful here . i do n't want to send the wrong message . especially after the other night .
george : maybe i 'll get her some jewelry .
jerry : no , no . you ca n't get her anything better than me . whatever i spend , you have to spend half .
george : what am i supposed to get , a bazooka ?
jerry : you do n't understand . i 'm in a very delicate position . whatever i give her , she 's going to be bringing in experts from all over the country to interpret the meaning behind it .
george : what does she need ? maybe there 's something that she needs .
jerry : i think i heard her say something about a bench .
george : a bench ? what kind of a bench ?
jerry : i do n't know , but she mentioned a bench .
george : what , like at a bus stop ?
jerry : i do n't know .
george : like a park bench ?
jerry : i have no idea .
george : who puts a bench in their house ?
jerry : forget the bench .
george : i got it . you wan na get her something nice ? how 'bout a music box ?
jerry : no , too relationshippy . she opens it up , she hears that laura 's theme , i 'm dead .
george : okay , what about a nice frame ? with a picture of another guy in it . frame says i care for you , but if you wan na get serious , perhaps you 'd be interested in someone like this .
jerry : nice looking fellow .
george : what about candle holders ?
jerry : too romantic .
george : lingerie ?
jerry : too sexual .
george : waffle maker .
jerry : too domestic .
george : bust of nelson rockefeller .
jerry : too gubernatorial . ( ? )
george : let 's work on the card .
% jerry and elaine sitting on his couch . elaine holding a present .
jerry : maybe you wo n't like it .
elaine : oh , how could i not like it ? of course i 'll like it .
jerry : you could not like it .
elaine : just the fact that you remembered means everything .
jerry : of course i remembered . you reminded me everyday for two months . oh , the card . ( she opens )
elaine : cash ?
jerry : would do you think ?
elaine : you got me cash ?
jerry : well this way i figure you can go out and get yourself whatever you want . no good ?
elaine : who are you , my uncle ?
jerry : well come on . that 's $ 182 right there . i do n't think that 's anything to sneeze at .
elaine : let me see the card . ( reading ) to a wonderful girl , a great pal , and more ? ( kramer enters )
kramer : hey . oh , elaine . i 'm glad you 're here . stay right there . i 'm gon na be right back . ( he exits )
elaine : pal ? you think i 'm your pal ?
jerry : i said , `` and more . ''
elaine : i am not your pal .
jerry : what 's wrong with pal ? why is everyone so down on pal ? ( kramer enters with present )
elaine : oh , what is this ? you got me something ?
kramer : yeah . open it .
elaine : oh kramer ... ( she opens it ) the bench ! you got me the bench that i wanted ! ( jerry looks irritated )
kramer : that 's pretty good , huh ?
jerry : great .
kramer : remember when we were standing there and she mentioned it ? i made a mental note of it .
jerry : well goody for you .
kramer : oh yeah , i 'm very sensitive about that . i mean , when someone 's birthday comes up , i keep my ears open . so what 'd you get her ?
jerry : 182 bucks .
kramer : cash ? you got ta be kidding . what kind of gift is that ? that 's like something her uncle would get her .
elaine : ( reading card ) think where man 's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was i had such a friend .
kramer : ( to jerry ) yeats .
elaine : oh kramer . ( they embrace )
jerry : could you excuse us please ?
kramer : what ?
jerry : we 're talking .
kramer : oh , the relationship . ( he leaves )
jerry : you know , we never had one fight before this deal .
elaine : i know .
jerry : never .
elaine : ever .
jerry : we got along beautifully .
elaine : like clams .
jerry : it was wonderful .
elaine : a pleasure .
jerry : so i think we should just forget the whole deal , and go back to being friends .
elaine : i ca n't do it .
jerry : you what ?
elaine : i ca n't do that .
jerry : you mean it 's ... ( she nods ) no this . no that . no this or that . oh , boy . what do you want ?
elaine : this , that , and the other .
jerry : oh , sure . of course , you 're entitled . who does n't want this , that , and the other ?
elaine : you .
jerry : ( starts to correct then realizes ) well ...
% jerry and george at monk 's .
george : those birthdays . i told you . they 're relationship killers . if a relationship is having any problems whatsoever , a birthday will always bring it out .
jerry : i never should have made up those rules .
george : what is it about sex that just disrupts everything ? is it the touching ? is it the nudity ?
jerry : it ca n't be the nudity . i never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when i was changing before gym class .
george : you know what this means ? i ca n't see her anymore either .
jerry : why ?
george : it 's break up by association . besides , she 's mad at me anyway because of my birthday present .
jerry : what did you end up giving her ?
george : 91 dollars .
jerry : sorry about that .
george : so what 're you gon na do ?
jerry : well , if i call her , there 's no joking around anymore . this is pretty much it .
george : so , maybe this should be it .
jerry : could be it .
george : she seems like an it .
jerry : she 's at it as you get . imagine bumping into her on the street in five years with a husband . and she tells me he 's a sculptor , they live in vermont ...
george : we 'd have to kill him .
jerry : we 'd get caught , i 'd get the chair .
george : i 'd go to prison as your accomplice . i 'd have to wear that really heavy denim . go to the cafeteria line with the guy who slops those mashed potatoes onto your plate . go to the bathroom in front of hundreds of people .
jerry : plus , you know what else .
george : you better call her .
% jerry 's apartment , kramer enters .
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : you got the paper yet ?
jerry : yeah .
kramer : well where is it ? ( elaine enters from bedroom with newspaper ) hey , you done with that ?
elaine : no .
kramer : well , you 're not reading it now .
elaine : all right , you can take it . but i want it back .
kramer : oh yeah . so , ah , what 're you guys gon na do today ?
elaine : ah , this . and that .
jerry : and the other .
kramer : boy , i really liked the two of you much better when you were n't a couple . ( he exits )
end .
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : men flip around the television more than women , i think . men get that remote control in their hands , they do n't even know what the hell they 're watching .
you know , we just keep going , `` rerun , do n't wan na watch it .. `` `` what are you watching ? '' `` i do n't care , i got ta keep going . '' `` who was that ? '' `` i do n't know what it
was - does n't matter , it 's not your fault . it does n't matter , i got ta keep going . '' women do n't do this . see now , women will stop and go , `` well , let me see what the
show is before i change the channel . '' you see ? men just fly . because women , you see , women nest and men hunt . that 's why we watch tv differently . before
there was flipping around , before there was television , kings and emperors and pharaohs and such had story-tellers that would tell them stories 'cause that was their
entertainment . i always wonder , in that era , if they would get , like , thirty story-tellers together so they could still flip around . just go , `` alright start telling me a story ,
what 's happening ? i do n't want to hear anymore . shut up . go to the next guy . what are you talking about ? is there a girl in that story ? .. no ? shut up . go to the next
guy . what do you got ? i do n't want to hear that either . shut up . no , go ahead , what are you talking about ? .. i do n't want to hear that . no , the all of you , get out of
here . i 'm going to bed . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
george : ( shocked ) she 's pregnant ? leslie is pregnant ? ! oh , see , there is no justice .
jerry : she 's the performance artist , right ?
george : ( sarcastic ) yeah , performance artist . she 's a real performer . a real trooper .
jerry : what 's her husband 's name , again ? chip ? kip ? skip ?
elaine : todd .
jerry : todd . oh yeah . ( to george ) he 's a kennedy .
elaine : no , he 's not .
jerry : c'mon . he 's a third cousin , or something .
elaine : by marriage .
jerry : oh , by marriage . ( to george ) we went to their wedding . you should have heard him talking about chappaquiddick - trying to blame the whole thing on
bad directions .
george : that woman was unequivocally the worst date of my life .
elaine : oh , pardon me for trying to set you up with a beautiful , intelligent woman .
george : what , you do n't think i can attract beautiful , intelligent women ?
jerry : thin ice , george . thin ice ..
george : ( sarcastic ) maybe for her new performance piece she 'll give birth on stage .
elaine : she stopped performing .
george : ( again , sarcastic ) oh , what a huge blow to the culture .
jerry : ( gesturing to george ) you believe this guy ? he holds a grudge like khomeini .
george : she dragged me down to that warehouse on the waterfront in brooklin to see one of her `` performances '' .
jerry : oh , and she cooks dinner onstage for some celebrity ?
george : god ! she 's cooking dinner for god ! she 's yelling and screaming , and the next thing i know , she throws a big can of chocolate syrup all over my new red
shirt .
elaine : it was an accident !
george : oh , yeah , sure , accident , right . she was aiming right at me like she was putting out a fire ! then , for the rest of the show , i 'm sitting there with chocolate all
over my shirt . flies are landing on me . i 'm boiling - i 'm fantasizing all the things i 'm gon na say when i see her . and later , finally , backstage when i talk to her , i 'm a
groveling worm . `` what kind of chocolate was that ? do you throw any other foods ? ''
jerry : ( to elaine ) he thought he still had a shot .
george : and then , then , then she leaves with somebody else ! never even , never even said goodbye ! never called me back .. never apologized . nothing . like i
was dirt .
jerry : what ever happened with the shirt ?
george : i still have it . the collar 's okay . i wear it under sweaters .
elaine : i do n't know what i 'm gon na do . she asked me to give her a baby shower .
jerry : asked you ? you 're not going to do that are you ?
elaine : anyone else , never . but , leslie - i have a problem saying no to . for some reason , i seem to want her approval .
george : let maria shriver give her a baby shower .
jerry : ask not what i can do for you - ask what you can do for me .
george : ( germanic ) ich bin ein sucker .
elaine : oh , would you two stop with the kennedys ? why does everybody make such a big deal about he kennedys ? what is this fascination ? ! who cares ? ! it 's
all so boring ..
george : she does n't deserve a baby shower . she deserves a baby monsoon . she deserves rosemary 's baby !
elaine : ( to jerry ) i do have one teeny little problem , though .
george : never said goodbye . never apologized . nothing .
elaine : see , i was gon na give the shower in my apartment ..
jerry : but ?
elaine : my roommate has lyme disease .
jerry : lyme disease ? i thought she had epstein-barr syndrome ?
elaine : she has this in addition to epstein-barr . it 's like epstein-barr with a twist of lyme disease .
jerry : how did she get lyme disease ?
elaine : i do n't know . she did some outdoor version of hair in danbury , connecticut .
jerry : they still do that play ?
elaine : it 's a classic .
jerry : with all the nudity ?
elaine : i guess . she must 've rolled over on a tick during the love-in .
george : ( still mad a leslie ) never said goodbye . goodbye !
jerry : explain to me how this baby shower thing works .
elaine : what do you wan na know ?
jerry : well , i mean , does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence ?
elaine : rarely .
jerry : there 's no hazing of the fetus , or anything , is there ?
elaine : no .
jerry : when is this suppose to be ?
elaine : saturday .
jerry : saturday ? .. well , i have a show in buffalo on saturday . they 're not gon na bust up my apartment , or anything , are they ?
elaine : i 'll take full responsibility . you wo n't regret it .
jerry : 'cause i 've seen these pregnant women - and they sometimes misjudge their fetal girth . just like one wrong turn , and boom ! and entire buffet is swept off
the table .
george : someday , before i die , mark my words - i 'm gon na tell that woman exactly what i think of her . i 'll never be able to forgive myself until i do .
jerry : and if you do ?
george : i still wo n't be able to forgive myself - but at least it wo n't be about this .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's tv 's not giving a clear picture . he messes with the dials as kramer looks over his shoulder )
kramer : what are you doing this for ? look at you ..
jerry : quiet . i 'm trying to get a picture .
kramer : but you do n't have to do this ! this guy is waiting in my house .
jerry : ( pleading ) leave me alone .
kramer : it 's a one-time fee . a hundred and fifty bucks . why live like this ? !
jerry : i 'm not getting illegal cable !
kramer : oh , so what are you gon na do ? you gon na wait for the cable companies to resolve their dispute ? they 're gon na be in court for years .
jerry : no , i read in the paper ..
kramer : ( sarcastic ) oh , oh , the paper ..
jerry : well , they might hook us up again .
kramer : oh , god , you 're so naive ! all the cable companies care about is the `` big mammoo . '' ( jerry wacks the tv ) oh , look at you ! you 're banging things ..
pathetic . just wasting your life . i 'm offering you fifty-six channels - movies , sports , nudity . and it 's free ! for life !
jerry : stop shouting ! you 're ruining the reception .
kramer : can you hear yourself ? can , can , do you know what you 're saying ? !
jerry : what you 're suggesting is illegal .
kramer : it 's not illegal .
jerry : it 's against the law .
kramer : well , yeah .
jerry : ( gesturing to the rabbit ears ) just , just , hold this . can you hold that ?
kramer : ( holding the rabbit ears ) look , will you at least let me bring the guy over ? he 's an amazing man . he 's a russian immigrant . he escaped the gulag . he 's
like the sakharov of cable guys .. he 'll slow down your gas meter . he sells slugs , jerry . slugs for the subway .
jerry : a real human rights nut , huh ?
kramer : yeah . he 's intense , man .
jerry : i do n't know . what if i get caught ?
kramer : oh , you 're not gon na get caught . look , let me get him . man , it 's the nineties , it 's hammer time ! come on , just let me get him .
( kramer drops the rabbit ears , and goes to his apartment . he then returns with a russian cable guy - anatoly tabachnick , and his assistant . tabachnick mumbles ,
shakes , laughs , then wanders around the apartment . jerry looks confused )
jerry : you know , why do n't we wait ? because , i 'm going out of town tomarrow .
tabachnick : tomarrow okay .
kramer : no problem . yeah , you 'll have the whole thing installed by the time you get back .
jerry : ( mutters to himself ) every time i turn on the tv , sirens are gon na go off . they 're gon na track me down like a dog , i know it ..
kramer : no , no , now look now , jerry , jerry , it 's no risk . i swear . the mets have seventy-five games on cable this year ..
jerry : ( pauses , thinking about what kramer just said ) put it in .
kramer : you wo n't regret it . ( jerry mutters some more , kramer rubs his hands together in anticipation , then starts dancing around with a reluctant jerry ) jerry 's
gon na be a cable boy , a cable boy , a cable boy ..
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry enters carrying luggage . a group of nem in suits are waiting for him )
man : mr. steinfeld ?
jerry : seinfeld .
man : we 're with the fbi . you wan na tell us about your cable hook-up ?
jerry : my cable hook-up ? what about it ?
man : it 's been illegally installed , mr. steinfeld .
jerry : it has ? i 've been out of town . how did you know ?
( an agent leads kramer out of the bedroom into the living room )
kramer : jerry , i had to tell them . i had to . i had no choice . they were onto the scam from the very beginning .
man : you 're in serious trouble , mr. steinfeld .
jerry : wait a minute . wait a minute , hold on ! we 're just patsies . we 're just a couple of users .. we never sold the stuff . what about the russian guy ? the russian
guy is the guy you want .
( tabachnick steps out of the bedroom . he 's dressed like the other fbi men , and speaks without an accent now )
tabachnick : mr. seinfeld , agent stone . fbi . undercover .
( jerry looks around for an excape , then makes a mad dash for the door )
kramer : no ! jerry ! ( the fbi agents open fire . jerry 's gunned down by a hailstorm of bullets . kramer leans next to a fallen jerry , cupping jerry 's head in his
hands ) cable boy , cable boy .. what have you done to my little cable boy ? ..
( scene ends )
[ setting : airplane ]
( jerry shudders when looking back on his dream . a stewardess approaches )
jerry : excuse me . can i get something to drink ?
stewardess : i 'm afraid not .
jerry : what 's with this airline ? what are you , cutting out the drinks now ?
stewardess : no sir . we 're flying into a blizzard . please fasten your seat belt . we 're making an emergency landing .
jerry : ( sarcastic ) are they gon na go over the instructions again ?
( the passenger , bill , next to him offers his hand )
bill : my name is bill . i might be the last person you ever see .
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i 'm not afraid of flying , although many people do have fear of flying and , i have no arguement with that . i think fear of flying is quite rational because , human
beings can not fly . humans have fear of flying same way fish have fear of driving . put a fish behind the wheel , and they go , `` this is n't right . i should n't be doing this . i
do n't belong here . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : george 's car ]
( george is driving while wearing an unzipped coat , and a sweater with a bright red collar under it . jerry 's riding shotgun )
george : sounds like a rough trip .
jerry : oh , fire engines , ambulances all along the runway . and then , when we landed safely , they all seemed so disappointed .
george : so , the college cancelled the gig ?
jerry : well , there was so much snow . the roads were closed . i really appreciate it - you picking me up . thanks again .
george : ( modestly ) forget it .
jerry : no , really .. an airport run .
george : it 's nothing .
jerry : hey , it 's one thing if i asked you `` could you do me a favor ? '' .. but to suggest it ? .. george : ( obviously up to something . jerry does n't suspect anything -
yet ) whey you told me what you went through on the plane , it makes you stop and think . you appreciate having a real friend .
jerry : ( joking ) you know , if richie brandes did this , i 'd be suspicious , you know . he 's always got some ulterior motive .
george : ( laughs nervously ) .. ulterior motive .
jerry : oh , wait a minute . wait a minute . do n't take the bridge .. get off here . we ca n't go back to my place , elaine 's having the shower .
george : ( obviously knows that , but pretends he does n't ) what , tonight ? now ?
jerry : yeah , yeah . i forgot all about it . alright , it 's no big deal . we 'll just go back to your place .
george : my place ? no , no , no . i hate my place . i do n't wan na go back to my place .
jerry : you want to get a bite ?
george : yeah , i would . it 's just , you know , i just ate a whole pot roast .
jerry : well , so what should we do ?
george : should n't we at least drop off your bag ?
( jerry 's suddenly suspicious . he notices george 's red collar , then reaches over and pulls the sweater down )
jerry : red shirt ! red shirt ! that 's the red shirt !
george : ( nervous ) what are you talking about ?
jerry : you 're wearing the chocolate shirt !
george : i am ? what a strange coincidence ..
jerry : a - ha ! nice try , my friend , but you got ta get up pretty early in the morning ..
george : ( pleading ) you got ta let me go over there .
jerry : what are you gon na do ? badger a pregnant woman at her own baby shower ? ! what are you , gon na take it off and make her rinse it in club soda ?
george : no , i 'm gon na hold it under her nose so she can smell the scent of stale bosco that i had to live with for three years , and i 'm gon na say , `` remember this
shirt , baby ? ! well , now , it 's payback time ! ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( leslie is talking to a group of people , including elaine )
leslie : we just bought an apartment on riverside drive . bernard goetz 's mother used to live there .
elaine : so , where 's todd ?
leslie : up in hyannisport .
elaine : oh my god , hyannisport ? with the kennedys ? who else is up there ? is rose up there ? !
woman : ( to leslie ) so , when 's your due date ?
leslie : march twentieth , nine <UNK> .
woman : you know the time !
leslie : i 'm having a planned c-section . my therapist told me if i go through labor , i might get psychotic .
elaine : leslie , leslie , whatever happened to sargent shriver ? is he still with them ? you do n't hear much about him these days . is he out of the loop ?
leslie : ( takes a bite of food ) elaine , who catered this , sears ?
( kramer bursts through the door , followed by tabachnick and his assistant . tabachnick looks over a woman , and nods approvingly . the woman freeze at the sight ,
then disperse nervously )
elaine : ( whispering to kramer ) what is this ? ! what are you doing here ?
kramer : we 're putting in cable .
elaine : the cable ? no , no , no . i 'm having a party here . you ca n't do this now !
kramer : oh , we have to do this now .
( tabachnick and his assistant are leering at the women )
elaine : who 's this guy ?
kramer : which one ?
elaine : both of the them .
kramer : oh , they 're soviet cable guys .
elaine : okay .. does jerry know about this ?
kramer : oh yeah .. it 's all authorized , yeah .
elaine : you ca n't ! you ca n't do this now !
kramer : elaine , do you know how booked up this guy is ? now , if i send him away now , it 's gon na take jerry months to get him back .. he wo n't like that .
elaine : alright . just do it fast and then get out .
kramer : ( snaps his fingers ) anatoly ! ( the russians get to work on command . to elaine ) look , it 's gon na take a few minutes .. then , you and the gals can take a
load off and watch something on lifetime .
( scene ends )
[ setting : george 's car ]
jerry : and what if we go up there ? what are you going to say to her ?
george : ( boiling ) what am i going to say ? !
jerry : yeah .
george : what did you go out with me for ? ! just to dump chocolate on my shirt and then just dump me altogether ? ! i do n't deserve that kind of treatment ! what ,
you do n't have the common courtesy to return my calls ? ! to apologize ! you think i 'm some sort of a loser , that likes to be abused and ignored ? ! who 's shirt can be
ruined without financial restitution ? ! some sort of a masochist who enjoys being humiliated ? you think you can avoid me like i have some sort of disease ? ! you have
the disease ! you have the disease ! you may be beautiful and rich and physically .. just .. unbelievable , but you sicken me ! you disgust me ! you and everyone like
you !
jerry : you 'll never say that to her face .
george : watch me .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
kramer : ( flirting with a female guest ) yeah , i eat the whole apple . the core , stem , seeds , everything .
elaine : ( to kramer ) kramer , kramer , look at him . ( gestures to tabachnick ) look ! he 's eating all the food !
kramer : yeah , yeah . well , you know , there are many differences between american and soviet cultures that you 're not aware of . see , in russian , the cable guy ,
they got the whole run of the house . yeah , that 's tradition . ( turns back to the woman ) did you ever eat the bark of a pineapple ?
( tabachnick and his assistant start to argue , then they start fighting )
elaine : kramer !
kramer : ( trying to break up the fight ) uh .. excuse me ..
( everyone 's watching the fight . kramer breaks it up . tabachnick walks to the bathroom while his assistant returns to work . tabachnick bangs on the door , and
shouts in russian . a woman finally gets out . tabachnick gets into the bathroom and slams the door shut . jerry and george enter . elaine runs up to greet them )
elaine : what are you doing here ? i thought you were out of town for the weekend .
jerry : the show was cancelled . there was a blizzard .
elaine : i ca n't believe you told kramer it 's okay to put the cable in during the shower ! jerry , look , , look ! they 've eaten everything .
( leslie approaches them )
leslie : jerry , what a surprise ! i thought you sere out of town .
jerry : well , leslie , sometimes the road less travelled is less travelled for a reason .
elaine : ( speaking confidentially to george ) george , do n't even think about it ! do n't even dream about it !
george : ( unconvincingly coy ) about what ?
tabachnick : ( sticks his head out the door ) kramer , kramer , kramer ..
( kramer rushes over , and quickly closes the bathroom door as tabachnick joins his assistant at the food table . george is ready for leslie - he takes off his sweater ,
revealing the chocolate stain . he walks over to leslie )
george : leslie .
leslie : yeah ?
george : george .. ( she does n't seem to recognize him ) george costanza .
leslie : hi .
george : ( laughs ) you , i guess , you do n't remember me .. but we actually , kind of um .. went out .. a couple of years ago .. once .. remember ?
leslie : vaguely .
george : you took me to one of your shows ..
leslie : and ?
george : and , um , it was quite good . in fact , you even incorporated me into the show . i 'm not actually a performer . although , my parents felt i had talent ..
( scene cuts to jerry )
mary : jerry ? ! ( a woman , angry at jerry , approaches him . jerry looks confused ) remember me ?
jerry : i 'm sorry , i ..
mary : ( livid ) mary contardi . no ? does n't ring a bell , jerry ? we had a date , three years ago . you took me to one of your shows .
jerry : ( stammering ) oh , i , i , think i remember ..
mary : told me you had a great time ! said you 'd call me the next day .
jerry : well , i 'm sure i meant to call .. i probably just lost your ..
mary : liar ! liar ! you were never going to call me ! you thought you could waltz throught the rest of your life and never bump into me again ! but you were wrong ,
jerry ! you were wrong ! what do you think , i 'm some sort of poor , pathetic wretch ? !
jerry : no , i do n't think that ..
marry : some person who could be dismissed and ignored ? ! some insignificant piece of dust ? ! some person who does n't deserve your respect and your
attention ? ! you 're the one that does n't deserve my respect and my attention ! you 're the insignificant piece of dust !
( she feigns , spitting on the floor near jerry 's shoes , and storms out . scene cuts to george . leslie 's bored to death )
george : actually , i never had any formal training . i guess i 'd be better suited for improvs , or something ..
( mary runs for the door , pushing leslie into george . her chocolate cake is now all over george 's shirt )
leslie : thanks a lot !
( scene cuts to the front door . elaine is saying goodbye to a few women who are rushing out the door )
elaine : i 'm sorry you have to go .
woman : yeah . i really have to be going .
( scene cuts to jerry . he notices the cable guys )
jerry : alright , listen , i 've changed my mind about this whole thing . i do n't want cable .
kramer : do n't be a fool .
tabachnick : you do n't want ?
jerry : no , i do n't want . so , just tell me what i owe you for your trouble ..
tabachnick : ( confers with his assistant , then ) four hundred dollars .
jerry : ( to kramer ) four hundred dollars ? 1 you told me one-fifty !
( scene cuts to elaine by the door . leslie has her coat on , and is ready to leave )
leslie : i 'm going .. obviously .
elaine : oh , leslie , i am so sorry about everything that went on here tonight . you know , i had no idea ..
leslie : elaine , you know , i was watching you tonight , and i realized something . you 're just like you were in college .
elaine : ( not sure if it was an insult or a compliment ) oh , thank you . ( leslie leaves . then elaine wonders to herself ) `` like you were in college '' ?
leslie : ( comes back , and yells in the direction of the bedroom ) come on ! let 's go !
( george comes out from the bedroom , carrying all the shower gifts - embarrassed )
george : ( sheepishly to elaine ) i 'll be right back . ( leaves )
jerry : ( defiantly ) i 'm not paying four hundred dollars ! i do n't even want the thing . what are you going to do ? !
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
( jerry 's tv screen is cracked . george and elaine are slumped on chairs )
george : every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life . and yet , i want them all .. is that irony ?
elaine : why ca n't i meet a kennedy ? .. i saw john junior once downtown . i was on a bus . i hit the ding , but .. it did n't stop .
jerry : alright , i said i had a good time and i 'd call , but who takes that literally ?
kramer : ( pops his head into jerry 's apartment ) hey , come on over , dr. zhivago 's on cable in five minutes .. i 'm making popcorn ! ( leaves )
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : what do you do at the end of a date when you know you do n't want to see this person ever again , for the rest of your life ? what do you say ? what do you
say ? no matter what you say , it 's a lie . `` i 'll see you around . see you around . if you 're around , and i 'm around , i 'll see you around that area . you 'll be around other
people . you wo n't be around me . but you will be around . '' `` take care now . '' did you ever say that to somebody ? `` take care now . take care , now . because , i 'm
not going to be taking care of you . so , you should take care , now . '' `` take care . take care . '' what does this mean ? `` take off ! '' is n't that what you really want to say ?
`` take off now . ''
end of show .
jerry : ( a couple of days ago i used a public phone ) , go over time on the call ,
hang up the phone , walk away . you 've had this happen ? phone rings . it 's the
phone company ... they want more money . do n't you love this ? and you got them
right where you want them for the first time in your life . you 're on the
street , there 's nothing they can do . i like to let it ring a few times , you
know , let her sweat a little over there , then i just pick it up , `` yeah ,
operator ... oh , i got the money ... i got the money right here ... d'you hear
that ? ( taps on microphone ) that 's a quarter . yeah , you want that do n't you ? ''
( jerry , elaine & george enter the chinese restaurant )
elaine : no , they 've just got to get more cops on the force , it 's as simple as
that .
george : cops . i do n't even care about cops . i wan na see more garbage men . it 's
much more important . all i wan na see are garbage trucks , garbage cans and
garbage men . you 're never gon na stop crime , we should at least be clean .
jerry : i tell you what they should do , they should combine the two jobs , make
it one job , 'cop\garbage man ' . i always see cops walking around with nothing to
do . grab a broom ! start sweeping . you sweep sweep sweep ... catch a criminal , get
right back to sweeping .
elaine : you should run for mayor .
jerry : ehh , nobody listens .
elaine : where is someone ? i 'm starving .
george : i think this is him right here .
elaine : is there a table ready ?
restaurant manager ( bruce ) : how many ?
elaine ( to jerry ) : how many ?
jerry ( to george ) : is tatiana coming ?
george : i do n't know , i have to call her , tell her where we are . i 'm very
lucky she 's even considering seeing me at all .
jerry : really ? i thought things were going ok .
george : they were , it 's kinda complicated .
jerry : well what is it ?
elaine : how many ?
jerry : ah , alright , four . seinfeld .
bruce : four . it 'll be five , ten minutes .
george : what do you wan na do ?
elaine : let 's go someplace else , i am too hungry .
jerry : we might as well just stay here , we have n't got that much time if we
wan na make it to the movie .
george : i got ta call tatiana . where 's the phone ?
jerry ( to elaine ) : tatiana ...
( george goes over to the public phone . there 's a guy using it )
george : excuse me , are you gon na be very long ?
( guy on phone just turns the other way without answering )
bruce : lashbrook ( sp ? ) , 4 !
jerry : so did i do a terrible thing ?
elaine : you mean lying to your uncle ?
jerry : i could n't have dinner with him . 'plan 9 from outer space ' , one night
only , the big screen . my hands are tied !
george ( to jerry ) : you know it 's a public phone , you 're not supposed to just
chit-chat .
elaine : jerry , get menus so when we sit down we can order right away .
jerry : ca n't look at a menu now , i got ta be at the table .
george : he knows i 'm waiting . he sees me . he just does n't wan na look .
elaine : everything 's got ta be just so with you , does n't it ?
jerry : hey , i offered you those cookies in my house .
elaine : health cookies . i hate those little dustboard fructose things .
george : i just ca n't believe at the way people are . what is it with humanity ?
what kind of a world do we live in ?
( jerry stares at someone )
elaine : what ?
jerry : there 's a woman over there that looks really familiar . dark hair ,
striped shirt ?
elaine : i 've never seen her before .
jerry : i know this woman . this is gon na drive me crazy .
( a group of people comes in , one of them bumps into elaine )
man : oh , excuse me .
elaine : i 'm sorry .
( the group just walks right into the dining room )
elaine : didja see that ? those people , look , they 're getting a table .
jerry : well maybe they were here from before .
elaine : no no no , they were n't here before .
george ( to guy ) : excuse me , are you going to be much longer ? i have to make a
very important call .
( guy on phone turns away again )
elaine : find out what 's going on !
jerry : excuse me , did n't those people just come in ? i believe we were ahead of
them .
elaine : yeah .
bruce : what 's your name ?
jerry : seinfeld .
( bruce starts talking to a chinese woman in chinese )
bruce : no , no , they were here before . keckitch ( sp ? ) , 2 !
elaine : did you ever notice how happy people are when they finally get a table ?
they think they 're so special because they 've been chosen . it 's enough to make
you sick .
jerry : boy , you are really hungry .
george ( whistles to guy on phone ) : hey !
( guy on phone smiles at him and turns back . george , annoyed , goes over to jerry )
george : if anything happens here , can i count on you ?
jerry : what ?
george : if we decide to go at it .
jerry : yeah , i wan na get into a rumble ...
george : i have to get in touch with tatiana ! and look at his little outfit .
it 's all so coordinated , the way his socks matching to his shirt . i really hate
this guy .
elaine : i 'm gon na faint ...
jerry : george , who is that woman in the stripes ?
george : i do n't know her .
jerry : she looks so familiar .
elaine : ya know , its not fair people are seated first come first served , it
should be based on who 's hungriest . i feel like just going over there and
taking some food off somebody 's plate .
jerry : i 'll tell you what , there 's 50 bucks in it for you if you do it .
elaine : what do you mean ?
jerry : you walk over that table , you pick up an eggroll , you do n't say
anything , you eat it , say 'thank you very much ' , wipe your mouth , walk away- i
give you 50 bucks .
george : what are they gon na do ?
jerry : they wo n't do anything ; in fact , you 'll be giving them a story to tell
for the rest of their lives .
elaine : 50 bucks , you 'll give me 50 bucks ?
jerry : 50 bucks . that table over there , the three couples .
elaine : ok , i do n't wan na go over there and do it , and then come back here and
find out there was some little loophole , like i did n't put mustard on it or
something ...
jerry : no , no tricks .
elaine : should i do it , george ?
george : for 50 bucks ? i 'd put my face in the soup and blow .
elaine : alright , alright . here , hold this . i 'm doin ' it .
( elaine goes over to the table , smiling )
elaine ( through her teeth ) : i know this sounds crazy , but the two men who are
standing behind me are going to give me 50 bucks if i stand here and eat one of
your eggrolls .
( the people at the table are confused )
elaine ( through teeth ) : i 'll give you 25 if you let me do it .
people at table : what ? what is she talking about ? what did she say ?
( elaine runs from the table , laughing )
jerry : what happened ?
elaine : did you see that ?
george : what were you doing ?
elaine ( laughing ) : i offered them 25 , they had no idea ...
jerry : george , the phone 's free .
george : alleluia .
( as george reaches for the phone , a woman snatches it and starts dialing )
george : excuse me , i was waiting here .
woman at phone : where ? i did n't see you .
george : i 've been standing here for the last ten minutes !
woman : well i wo n't be long .
george : that 's not the point . the point is i was here first .
woman : well if you were here first , you 'd be holding the phone .
george ( yelling at her ) : you know , we 're living in a society ! we 're supposed
to act in a civilized way .
( he goes over to jerry and elaine )
george : does she care ? no . does anyone ever display the slightest sensitivity
over the problems of a fellow individual ? no . no . a resounding no !
( guy on phone approaches george )
guy : hey , sorry i took so long .
george : oh that 's ok , really , do n't worry about it .
elaine : how do people fast ? did ghandi get this crazy ? i 'm gon na walk around ,
see what dishes look good .
jerry : i told my uncle i had a stomach ache tonight . you think he bought that ?
george : yeah , well , he probably bought it .
jerry : so what happened with tatiana ?
george : i should n't even tell you this .
jerry : come on ...
george : well , after dinner last week , she invites me back to her apartment .
jerry : i 'm with you .
george : well , it 's this little place with this little bathroom . it 's like
right there , you know , it 's not even down a little hall or off in an alcove .
you understand ? there 's no ... buffer zone . so , we start to fool around , and
it 's the first time , and it 's early in the going . and i begin to perceive this
impending ... intestinal requirement , whose needs are going to surpass by great
lengths anything in the sexual realm . so i know i 'm gon na have to stop . and as
this is happening i 'm thinking , even if i can somehow manage to momentarily ...
extricate myself from the proceedings and relieve this unstoppable force , i know
that that bathroom is not gon na provide me with the privacy that i know i 'm
going to need ...
jerry : this could only happen to you .
george : so i finally stop and say , `` tatiana , i hope you do n't take this the
wrong way , but i think it would be best if i left '' .
jerry : you said this to her after .
george : no . during .
jerry : oh , boy .
george : yeah .
jerry : wow ! so ... ?
george : so i 'm dressing and she 's staring up at me , struggling to compute this
unprecedented turn of events . i do n't know what to say to reassure this woman ,
and worst of all , i do n't have the time to say it . the only excuse she might
possibly have accepted is if i told her i am in reality batman , and i 'm very
sorry , i just saw the bat-signal . it took me 3 days of phone calls to get her
to agree to see me again . now she 's waiting for me to call her , and she 's
( gestures towards woman on phone ) still on the phone .
( elaine comes over )
elaine : i hate this place . i do n't know why we came here , i 'm never coming back
here again .
jerry ( still trying to remember ) : who is that woman ? !
elaine : remember when you first went out to eat with your parents ? remember ,
it was such a treat to go and they serve you this different food that you never
saw before , and they put it in front of you , and it is such a delicious and
exciting adventure ? and now i just feel like a big sweaty hog waiting for them
to fill up the trough .
george : she 's off . ( goes over to the now available public phone )
elaine : jerry , talk to that guy again .
jerry : what am i gon na say ?
elaine : tell him we wan na catch a movie and that we 're late .
( as jerry approaches bruce , a man walks in )
mr. cohen : hey , what stinks in here ?
bruce ( laughing ) : mr. cohen ! have n't seen you for a couple of weeks .
mr. cohen : well , i 've been looking for a better place .
( bruce laughs )
bruce : better place ... want a table ?
mr. cohen : no , just bring me a plate and i 'll eat here .
bruce ( laughing ) : give him a plate and you eat here ... come on , i give you a
table .
jerry : excuse me ... we 've been waiting here . now , i know we were ahead of that
guy , he just came in .
bruce : oh no , mr. cohen always here .
elaine : he 's always here ? what does that mean ? what does that mean ?
bruce : oh , mr. cohen , very nice man . he live on park avenue .
elaine : where am i ? is this a dream ? what in god 's name is going on here ? !
george : she 's not there . she left . she must 've waited and left because those
people would n't get off the phone .
jerry : didja leave a message ?
george : yeah , i told her to call me here and to tell anyone who answers the
phone to ask for a balding , stocky man with glasses . i better tell him i 'm
expecting a call .
elaine : oh , jerry , here comes that woman ...
jerry : where do i know her ?
( woman in stripes approaches jerry )
lorraine : hello , jerry !
jerry : heeeeyyyy ... how you doin ' ?
lorraine : how is everything ?
jerry : good , good , good ... what 's goin ' on ?
lorraine : oh , working hard . and you ?
jerry : oh , you know , working around , same stuff , doing ... whatever .
lorraine : you have n't been around in a while .
jerry : i know , i know ... well , you know .
lorraine : you should come by .
jerry : definitely . i plan to , i 'm not just saying that .
elaine : hi , i 'm elaine .
lorraine ( shaking her hand ) : lorraine . catalano .
jerry : i 'm sorry , lorraine , this is elaine ...
( they all laugh , then silent )
lorraine : well it was nice seeing you , jerry . and nice meeting you . ( she
leaves )
elaine ( smug ) : oh , nice to meet you too , lorraine !
jerry : oh my god , lorraine ... that 's lorraine from my uncle 's office . i 'm in
big , big trouble .
elaine : the one you broke the plans with tonight ?
jerry : yeah , she works in his office . now she 's gon na see him tomorrow and
tell him she saw me here tonight . he 's gon na tell his wife , his wife 's gon na
call my mother . oh , this is bad , you do n't know , the chain reaction of calls
this is gon na set off . new york , long island , florida , it 's like the bermuda
triangle . unfortunately , nobody ever disappears . my uncle to my aunt , my aunt
to my mother , my mother to my uncle ...
jerry : ... my uncle to my cousin , my cousin to my sister , my sister to me .
elaine : you should 've just had dinner with your uncle tonight and gotten in
over with . it 's just a movie .
jerry : just a movie ? ! you do n't understand . this is n't 'plans 1 through 8
from outer space ' , this is 'plan 9 ' , this is the one that worked . the worst
movie ever made !
( elaine nods )
jerry : hey , i got news for you , if we 're making this movie , we got ta get a
table immediately .
elaine : alright , ok. let 's stop fooling around . let 's just slip him some
money .
jerry : in a chinese restaurant ? do they take money ?
elaine : do they take money ? everyone takes money . i used to go out with a guy
who did it all the time , you just slip him 20 bucks .
george : 20 bucks ? is n't that excessive ?
elaine : well what do you want to give him , change ?
george : it 's more than the meal !
jerry : oh , come on , we 'll divide it up three ways .
george : alright . 7,7 , ( points at himself ) 6. i 'm not gon na eat that much !
jerry : i 'm counting your shrimps . ok , who 's gon na do it ?
george : oh no , i ca n't do it . i-i 'm not good at these things , i get flustered .
once i tried to bribe an usher at the roller derby , i almost got arrested .
elaine : i guess it 's you , jer .
jerry : me ? what about you ?
elaine : oh , i ca n't do that , it 's a guy thing .
jerry : the woman 's movement just ca n't seem to make any progress in the world
of bribery , can they ?
elaine : give me the money .
( elaine stands close to bruce , trying to get his attention )
elaine : how 's it going ' ?
bruce : very busy .
( elaine holds the money in front of bruce )
elaine : boy , we are really anxious to sit down .
bruce : very good specials tonight .
( elaine puts the bill on the open reservations book )
elaine : if there 's anything you can do to get us a table we 'd really appreciate
it .
bruce : what is your name ? ( he turns the page over the money )
elaine : no no , i want to eat now ! ( she gets the money from under the page )
bruce : yes , we have sea-bass dinner tonight , very fresh .
elaine ( gives him the money ) : here , take this . i 'm starving . take it ! take
it !
( bruce shrugs and takes it )
bruce : dennison , 4 ! ( goes over to 4 ladies ) your table is ready .
elaine : no no , no , i want that table . i want that table ! oh , come on , did you
see that ? what was that ? he took the money , he did n't give us a table .
jerry : you lost the 20 .
elaine : well , how could he do that ?
george : you did n't make it clear .
elaine : make it clear ?
jerry : what a sorry exhibition that was . alright , let me get the money back .
( goes over to bruce ) excuse me . i realize , this is extremely embarrassing , my
friend here apparently made a mistake .
bruce : your name ?
jerry : seinfeld .
bruce : yeah , seinfeld 4 !
jerry : no no no , you see the girl there , with the long hair ?
( elaine waves at him , smiling )
bruce : oh yes , yes . very beautiful girl , very beautiful . is your girlfriend ?
jerry : well , actually , we did date for a while , but ... it 's really not relevant
here .
bruce : relationships are difficult . it 's very hard to stay together-
jerry : alright , listen , alright . how much longer is it gon na be ?
bruce : oh . in about five , ten minutes .
( jerry goes over to elaine and george )
george : so ?
jerry : there seems to be a bit of a discrepancy .
elaine : so when are we gon na eat ?
jerry : five , ten minutes .
george : we should have left earlier . i told you .
jerry : i do n't see any way we can eat and make this movie .
elaine : oh , well i have to eat .
jerry : well let 's just order to go , we 'll eat it in the cab .
elaine : eat it in the cab ? chinese food in a cab ?
jerry : we 'll eat it in the movie .
elaine : oh , who do you think you 're going ? do you think that they have big
picnic tables there ?
jerry : well what do you suggest ?
elaine : i say we leave now , we go to 'skyburger ' and we scarf 'em down .
jerry : i 'm not going to 'skyburger ' . besides , it 's in the opposite direction ,
let 's just eat popcorn or something .
bruce ( holding a phone ) : cartwright ?
elaine : i ca n't have popcorn for dinner !
bruce : cartwright ?
elaine ( tries to snatch food off a waiter 's tray ) : i have to eat !
jerry : so they have hotdogs there .
elaine : oh , movie hotdogs ! i rather lick the food off the floor .
george : i ca n't go anywhere , i have to wait here for tatiana 's call . let me
just check .
( goes over to bruce )
george : excuse me , i 'm expecting a call . costanza ?
bruce : yeah , i just got a call . i yell 'cartwright ! cartwright ! ' , just like
that . nobody came up , i hang up .
george : well , was it for costanza or ...
bruce : yes , yes , that 's it . nobody answered .
george : well was it a woman ?
bruce : yeah , yeah . i tell her you not here , she said curse word , i hang up .
( george comes over to jerry and elaine , stunned )
george : she called . he yelled cartwright . i missed her .
jerry : who 's cartwright ?
george : i 'm cartwright !
jerry : you 're not cartwri-
george : of course i 'm not cartwright ! look , why do n't you two just go to the
movies all by yourselves , i 'm not in the mood .
elaine : well me neither , i 'm goin ' to 'skyburger ' .
jerry : so you 're not going ?
elaine : you do n't need us .
jerry : well i ca n't go to a bad movie by myself . who am i gon na make sarcastic
remarks to , strangers ? eh , i guess i 'll just go to my uncle 's .
george : should we tell him we 're leaving ?
elaine : what for ? let 's just get out of here .
( they all leave )
bruce : seinfeld , 4 ?
( closing monologue )
jerry : hunger will make people do amazing things . i mean , the proof of that is
cannibalism . cannibalism , what do they say , i mean , they 're eating and , you
know , `` this is good , who is this ? i like this person '' . you know , i mean , i
would think the hardest thing about being a cannibal is trying to get some very
deep sleep , you know what i mean ? i would think , you 'd be like , ( pretending to
wake up ) `` who is that ? who 's there ? who 's there ? is somebody there ? what do
you want ? what do you want ? you look hungry , are you hungry ? get out of
here ! ''
( credits roll ; the end )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i 'm not a foodie . i do n't , `` oh , this is too rare . oh , it 's too salty . '' just eat it and shut up . i 'll eat anywhere , whatever they 're having . i have eaten rotten rolls
off of room service trays in hotel hallways . i have . it 's not a joke . this is my life . i do n't know , somebody left it . why would someone poison a roll , and leave it in a
hallway for some comic coming down at two o ' clock in the morning ? why would they do that ? sometimes you go to a nice restaurant , they put the check in a little
book . what is this ? the story of the bill ? `` once upon a time , there were some very hungry people .. '' what is this ? a little gold tassle hanging down ? am i graduating
from the restaurant ? what is this about ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : a restaurant ]
( jerry , george , and elaine are all eating at an italian restaurant . george has n't eaten anything )
elaine : do you want some of mine ?
jerry : take some of mine .
george : why do i get pesto ? why do i think i 'll like it ? i keep trying to like it , like i have to like it .
jerry : who said you have to like it ?
george : everybody likes pesto . you walk into a restaurant , that 's all you hear - pesto , pesto , pesto .
jerry : i do n't like pesto .
george : where was pesto 10 years ago ?
jerry : ( gesturing to a man ) look at that guy . ( elaine starts to look , but jerry stops her ) i 'll bet you he 's gettin ' hair transplants . any time you see a guy that age
wearing a baseball cap , ten to one - plugs .
elaine : ( elaine turns to look at the man , trying to make it sound like they are n't talking about him ) the thing about that painting .. is with the colors and um .. ( turns
back to jerry ) oh yeah , plugola .
( george has started eating elaine 's food - and continues to do so )
jerry : ( to elaine ) oh , one more thing about the car . let it warm up for a minute .
george : that 's a tough minute . it 's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work .
jerry : i do n't understand why he could n't take a cab .
george : who ?
jerry : elaine is having a `` houseguest . '' she 's picking him up at the airport tonight .
george : a guy ?
elaine : ( slightly embarrassed ) yes , a guy .
jerry : he 's from a .. yakima , right ?
elaine : seattle .
jerry : everybody 's moving to seattle .
george : it 's the pesto of cities . so .. ?
elaine : ( to jerry ) you tell him .
jerry : well , from what i can piece together , our friend here met a gentleman .
elaine : ed .
jerry : who was in town on a business venture , and um ..
elaine : .. we shared an interpersonal experience . ( george hits his glass with his fork . to jerry ) go on .
jerry : so they went out a few times , but apparently , when the fellow returned home , he discovered that the benes tattoo does not wash off so easily .
elaine : on some people .
george : oooh .
jerry : so , he 's coming in to stay with her for a week .
elaine : it was just gon na be a weekend , but then somehow it became a week .
( the menu at a neighboring table catches fire . elaine quickly picks up a wine glass - about to put it out , but george tosses the menu on the floor , and stomps it out .
the manager approaches )
manager : what happened ?
george : oh , the busboy left the menu a little close to the candle .
manager : sorry to the disturbance .
elaine : ( joking , she snobbishly says ) i 'm never eating here again .
( manager leaves )
jerry : ( pats george on the back ) nice going . thank you , that ought to get us a free dessert .. ( they can see the manager chewing the busboy out from the dining
room doorway ) i think the busboy 's in trouble .
george : did i get him in trouble ? because of what i said ? ! i just told him what happened .. he did n't do it on purpose .. ( mangager and busboy are arguing . the
busboy points in the direction of george ) he pointed at me . why did he point at me ? !
elaine : i said i would never eat here again .. but , i , i .. he had to know i was kidding .
jerry : ( casually buttering a roll , like he 's the innocent one ) i did n't say anything .
( the busboy takes of his apron , throws it down , and exits the restaurant )
george : i ca n't believe it . he 's going ! he 's fired !
elaine : oh , i said it in a kidding way .
george : i did n't know he 'd get fired .
jerry : ( jokingly trying to put more pressure on elaine and george ) he 'll probably kill his family over this .
george : what if he 's waiting for me outside ? he pointed at me ! did you see him point ? !
jerry : ( again , joking ) a lot of ex-cons become busboys . they seem to gravitate twards 'em .
george : was it my fault ?
elaine : was it my fault ?
jerry : ( does n't have a care in the world ) .. maybe i 'll try that pesto .
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : look , i feel bad for him too , but he 'll get another job . i mean , let 's face it , it 's not a profession where you embellish your resume and undergo a series of
grueling interviews .
george : ( eating a sandwich ) oh , like you really know busboys .
jerry : oh , like you do .
george : hey , at least i was a camp waiter .
jerry : ( scoffing ) camp .
george : it was a fat camp . those kids depended on me .
( the intercom buzzes , jerry talks through it )
jerry : elaine ?
elaine : ( through intercom ) yeah .
( jerry pushes a button on the intercom - letting her in )
jerry : busboys are always changing jobs . that 's the business . i know . i work with these guys . i tallk to them in the kitchen at the comedy clubs .
george : then why do n't you try and get him another job ?
jerry : i 'd love to , but i do n't know anything about him . he could be one of those people that walks around the street pricking people with pins .
( elaine enters )
elaine : i do n't know if you people are aware of this , but i am one clever chickadee .
george : what ? did you get the busboy 's number ?
elaine : his phone 's been disconnected , but i was able to obtain an address - 1324 amsterdam avenue , apartment 4d . ( hands george a card ) now , i did my
job . ( to jerry ) may i have the car keys , please ?
( jerry hands the car keys to elaine )
george : how did you get all this ?
elaine : does the word `` charm '' mean anything to you ?
jerry : no . ( george grabs his jacket ) so now you 're going to his apartment ? i really think this is nuts .
george : ( putting his jacket on ) i 'd like to apologize . i want to tell him i .. i .. did n't mean to get him in trouble .
jerry : you , you 're going now ?
george : yeah , i want to see if there 's anything i can do .. maybe get him another job .. maybe i 'll hear of something .
jerry : maybe the fat camp . ( to elaine ) you 're not going ?
elaine : i would , but i have to pick up ed at the airport .
jerry : i just do n't think you should go alone . ca n't you wait till after my set ?
george : it 'll take to long .
( kramer enters )
jerry : take the k-man . a little support ..
george : ( unsure ) i do n't a ..
kramer : take me where ? where ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : an apartment building hallway ]
( george 's nervous - standing with kramer infront of the busboy 's apartment )
george : look , i really appreciate your coming , but if you would n't mind - try not to say too much .
kramer : what am i gon na say ?
george : i do n't know .
kramer : well , i 'm not an idiot .
george : certainly not .
kramer : then we 're cool .
george : yeah .. yeah , we 're - we 're cool . ( knocks lightly . kramer takes charge by knocking on the door louder . the busboy answers ) uh , i 'm sorry to bother
you , i was in the restaurant earlier and i was wondering if i could talk to you for a few minutes about what happened . ( he gestures for them to come in . they obey )
i hope i 'm not interrupting anything . it 's just that i think i may have - without realizing it - been responsible for getting you fired . ( nervously laughs ) and .. and .. and i
just want you to know that i did n't intend for that to happen .
kramer : ( patting george on the shoulder ) he 's a hell of a guy .
george : this is a guy i know .. kramer .
( antonio , the busboy , is watching them suspiciously )
kramer : habla espanol ?
george : ( to himself ) oh my god .
antonio : si .
kramer : como se dice .. waterbed ?
george : ( interrupting ) anyway , i just wanted to let you know i 'm really sorry that happened , and if i can help out in any way , i 'll certainly be glad to do that .
( pause ) well , i guess that 's about it .
kramer : you got anything to drink ? agua ?
george : oy uy uy .. ( antonio points to the sink ) we really should get going .
kramer : let me get a glass of water . ( heads tward the sink )
george : hurry up .
antonio : ( notices that his cat is missing ) pequita ? pequita ? ( starts to panic )
kramer : his cat 's gone .
antonio : ( notes the door was left wide open ) la puerta esta abierta . ( starts screaming ) la puerta esta abierta ! ( to kramer and george ) who left the door
open ? ( silence ) who left the door open ? ! ( kramer and george look at eachother ) come on , come on ! help me look ! ( all three head out the door to look )
( scene ends )
[ setting : antonio 's apartment ]
( all three sit in silence )
kramer : .. you know , cats run away all the time . you know , my aunt , she had a cat . ran away . showed up three years later .. you never know . they got things in
their brains where they remember where they 're from . unless , of course , somebody else starts feeding him . see , that 's what you got ta worry about .
george : ( gestures for kramer to shut up ) once again , antonio , i ca n't even begin to say how deeply , deeply sorry i am about everything . the job , the cat .. ( a
lamp breaks ) the lamp .
kramer : the wire was sticking out .. ( fits the two broken pieces together ) yeah .
george : ( hands antonio a card ) here 's my card . i 'm in real estate , so , if you 're ever looking for something bigger , something nicer .. ( antonio is staring at him ,
angered ) .. maybe not right now . anyway .. ( extends his hand for a handshake . antonio does n't move )
kramer : you oughta get that wire fixed . ( they go to leave ) i got the door . ( shuts the door , the broken lamp falls to the floor )
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : ( on the phone ) george , stop worrying about this guy . it was n't your fault .. come on , he 's not stalking you .
( kramer enters )
kramer : hey .
jerry : ( to kramer ) hey . ( to george ) he does n't even know where you live .. who told you to give him your business card ? .. ( intercom buzzes ) that 's elaine .
( kramer buzzes her in . jerry talks into the phone ) kramer .. ( to kramer ) george wants to know when you want to look for the cat again .
kramer : it 's been a week . it 's up to the cat now .
jerry : ( into phone ) kramer says it 's up to the cat now . ( to kramer ) it 'll be on your conscience .
kramer : oh ? how do you figure ?
jerry : ( into phone ) how do you figure ? ( to kramer ) 'cause you 're the one who left the door open .
kramer : why was i in charge of closing the door ?
jerry : ( into phone ) why was he in charge of closing the door ? ( irritated at the phone message relay , to kramer ) 'cause you came in after him !
kramer : so !
jerry : ( into phone ) so ! ( to kramer - getting even more angry ) so , the last person in should close the door !
kramer : let me talk to him .
jerry : ( to kramer ) talk - call him from your house . ( elaine enters . kramer leaves . to phone ) he 's calling you now .. okay . ( hangs up )
elaine : ed 's downstairs . can i have the car keys ?
( jerry pitches her the keys as she goes some tward his bathroom )
jerry : no hello ?
elaine : got any asprin ? ( finds some ) hello . now , lookit , you guarantee this car will get me to the airport tomarrow ? no problems ?
jerry : guarantee ? .. hey , it 's a car .
elaine : because if there 's even the slightest chance of any problem at all , i do n't want to take it - because if i do n't get this guy on a plane to seattle and out of my
life , i 'm gon na kill him , and everyone who tries to stop me .
jerry : ( jokingly asking ) so , did you have a nice week together ?
elaine : i heard a little ping in the car last time . what was that ping ?
jerry : there 's no ping . why are you so wacky ?
elaine : jerry , you can not imagine how much i hate this guy .. and he has n't even done anything ! it 's the situation . he 's a wonderful guy , but i hate his guts !
jerry : so , you two been , uh ..
elaien : no ! i told him i 've been having my period for the last five days ! i 'm sleeping all squished over on the edge of my bed .. but , i 've only got fourteen hours to
go . nothing can go wrong now . i think i 've taken care of everything . i 've confirmed the plane reservation . i 've checked the weather ..
jerry : what 's your airport route ?
elaine : i 've got it all mapped out - i 'm taking the tunnel .
jerry : .. what about the van wyck ?
elaine : i spoke to a cab driver . for five bucks , he turned me on to the rockaway boulevard shortcut .
jerry : oooh .
elaine : now , lookit , this plane leaves at 10:15. we 're getting up at about eight . that gives us enough time , right ?
jerry : you still using that old alarm clock ?
elaien : oh , no , no . i bought a new one today . it 's got everything - it 's got everything ... if you oversleep more than ten minutes , a hand comes out and slaps you in
the face .
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : flying does n't make me nervous - driving to the airport can make you very nervous because when you 're flying , when you 're getting on the plane , if you miss
that plane , there 's no alternative . on the ground , you have options . you have buses , you have taxis , you have trains . but , when you 're taking a flight , if you miss it ,
that 's it . no airline goes , `` well , you missed the flight , we do have a cannon leaving in about ten minutes . would you be interested in that ? it 's not a direct cannon ,
you have to change cannons after you land . '' ( imitates cannon operator ) `` i 'm sorry , where you goin ' ? chicago ? ( cranks the cannon ) oh , dallas ? alright , wait a
second .. ( cranks cannon to dallas ) dallas . that 's about dallas . texas , anyway . you should hit texas . are you ready ? make sure you get out of the net
immediately , because we shoot the luggage in right after you . ''
( scene ends )
[ setting : elaine 's apartment ]
( elaine and ed are in bed . elaine awakes to find out that it 's 9:15 - they overslept . she gets frantic )
elaine : ( trying to wake ed up ) get up ! the alarm clock did n't go off ! ( shakes him ) it 's 9:15 ! you 're gon na miss the plane ! it 's 9:15 !
ed : 9:15 ?
elaine : yes ! 9:15 !
ed : ( going back to sleep ) we 'll never make it . i 'll leave tomarrow .
elaine : tomarrow ? ! are you crazy ? no , now , now ! let 's go ! ( gets his suitcase from the closet , throws it on the bed , and frantically starts packing ) you get
dressed ! get dressed !
ed : can i shower ?
elaine : shower ? ! are you out of your mind ? !
ed : i got ta shower . i 'll feel dirty all day .
elaine : forget the shower ! the shower 's out . move it ! put your clothes on ! put your clothes on ! ( pulls out drawers of clothes , turning them over in the suitcase .
he walks tward the door ) where are you going ?
ed : the kitchen .
elaine : the kitchen ? !
ed : i 've got a bag of cashews in there .
elaine : they 're not making it ! let 's get your pants on !
ed : what 's the big deal if we do n't make it ? i 'll just go tomarrow or the next day .
elaine : no ! you have your ticket ! you have to go now !
ed : i 'll never make it .
elaine : do n't say that !
ed : but it takes forty-five minutes to get there . that 'll only leave me five minutes to get to the plane .
elaine : shut up and pack !
ed : and what if i do n't make the plane ? you 'll have already left . then what will i do ?
elaine : you 're talking too much !
ed : where 's my sweater ?
elaine : what ? !
ed : my brown sweater .
elaine : what ? what sweater ?
ed : my brown sweater .
elaine : you did n't bring a brown sweater .
ed : i brought a brown sweater .
elaine : here ! here ! you want a brown sweater ? ! ( recahes into one of her drawers , and grabs a brown sweater , then packs it ) you got a brown sweater !
ed : that 's not mine . i ca n't take your sweater .
elaine : it 's brown ! ( takes clothes still on the hangers , and dumps them into the suitcase )
ed : what are you doing ? !
elaine : no time for folding .. ( looks around ) i think that 's it . ( zips up the suitcase )
ed : my shoes . you packed my shoes .
elaine : shoes ? shoes ? ! shoes ? ! shoes were n't invented till the fourth century ! people walked around for thousands of years without them ! ( puts her coat on over
her nightie . he picks up his suitcase , she grabs it from him , then pushes him out of her way ) i got this . let 's go !
( scene ends )
[ setting : jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : anywhere in the city ?
george : anywhere in the city - i 'll tell you the best public toilet .
jerry : okay .. fifty-fourth and sixth ?
george : sperry rand building . 14th floor , morgan apparel . mention my name - she 'll give you the key .
jerry : alright .. sixty-fifth and tenth .
george : ( scoffs ) are you kidding ? lincoln center . alice tully hall , the met . magnificent facilities .
( elaine enters . she 's still wearing her nightclothes under her coat . her hair is messed up . she 's been through quite an ordeal )
elaine : ( slow , as if remember a dream ) i never new i could drive like that . i was going faster than i 've ever gone before , and yet , it all seemed to be happening in
slow motion . i was seeing three and four moves ahead , weaving in and out of lanes like an olympic skier on a gold metal run . i knew i was challenging the very laws
of physics . at queens boulevard , i took the shoulder . at jewel avenue , i used the median . i had it . i was there .. and then .. i hit the van wyck . they say no one 's
ever beaten the van wyck , but gentlemen , i tell you this - i came as close as anyone ever has . and if it had n't been for that five-car-pile-up on rockaway
boulevard , that numbskull would be on a plane for seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs .
( kramer enters )
kramer : .. the busboy 's coming ! the busboy 's coming !
george : the busboy 's coming ?
jerry : you do n't mean here ?
kramer : yeah . i just buzzed him in . he 's on his way up ..
george : he 's coming up ? ! ( moves to the door ) i 'll check you out later .
jerry : where are you going ?
george : i 'm the one he wants ! he 's coming to settle the score .
jerry : ( trying to get george and kramer out ) no . you three all know each other . there 's no point in me getting involved at this stage of the game .
kramer : no , he 's not going to do anything . i guarantee it .
george : oh , the hell with it . let him kill me . i ..
( there 's a knock in the hallway )
kramer : antonio . in here !
( antonio enters )
george : ( nervous , his voice cracks ) hey , antonio . how 's it going ?
( antonio crosses over to george , and gives him a hug )
antonio : three nights ago , a gas main beneath the restaurant exploded , killing five people in my section , including the busboy who replaced me . if i am not fired
that night because of you and your thoughtless , stupid , insensitive remarks , it would have been me . you saved my life . ( hugs him again )
george : ( trying to be modest ) ah , come on ..
( the intercom buzzes )
elaine : ( into the intercom ) yeah ?
ed : it 's eddie .
elaine : he 's coming up . ( buzzes him in ) he 's coming up ..
antonio : and that very same night of the accident , while looking for pequita , i found a job in a restaurant where they pay me almost twice what i was making
before - and when i returned to the apartment , pequita , perhaps frightened from the explosion , had miraculously returned . well , but now , i must go , for today i am
starting my new and wonderful job . and i am very late . thank you , thank you , thank you all . ( leaves )
( everyone ad-libs congratulations to george . then , we hear a fight erupting from the hallway )
ed : hey , watch were you 're going . you almost knocked my head off !
antonio : hey , why do n't you watch where you 're going , okay ? 'cause you bumped into me !
ed : who do you think you 're talking to , pal ?
antonio : hey , get your hands off me !
ed : go to hell !
( antonio screams out profanity in spanish , then we hear them getting into a serious fight )
( scene ends )
[ setting : coffee shop ]
jerry : he 'll get another job . he 's a busboy !
george : it wo n't for a while . at least not until after the cast comes off .
jerry : it was that fall down the stairs . that 's what did it .
george : that 's not how it happened . it 's when he fell on him with his knee .
elaine : oh , that was awful . poor antonio . ( waiter hands elaine two bags of food to go ) .. thanks .
george : so , much longer ?
elaine : till when - till he goes back to seattle , or till he can feed himself ?
george : ( not wanting to make elaine mad ) i guess it 's not important .
elaine : take care of yourselves . ( leaves )
george : i should probably get going too . if i do n't feed pequita by seven , she goes all over everything .. take it easy .
jerry : yeah .. ( takes a bite of his sandwich as the waiter starts cleaning off the table ) how ya doing ?
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : first of all , i ca n't believe that people actually do fight . people have fist fights in life . i ca n't really believe that we have boxing either . it 's really kind of an
amazing thing . to me , the problem with boxing is - you have two guys having a fight that have no prior argument . why do n't they have the boxers come into the ring
in little cars , drive around a bit , have a little accident ? they get out , `` did n't you see my signal ? '' `` look at that fender ! '' .. then you 'd see a real fight .
end of show .
every time somebody recommends a doctor , he 's always the best . `` oh , is he good ? '' `` oh , he 's the best . this guy 's the best . '' they ca n't all be the best . there ca n't be this many bests . someone 's graduating at the bottom of these classes , where are these doctors ? is somewhere , someone saying to their friend , '' you should see my doctor , he 's the worst . oh yeah , he 's the worst , he 's the absolute worst there is . whatever you 've got , it 'll be worse after you see him . he 's just , he 's a butcher . the man 's a butcher. '' ? and then there 's always that , `` make sure that you tell him that , you know , you know me . '' why ? what's the difference ? he 's a doctor . what is it , `` oh , you know bob ! okay , i 'll give you the real medicine . everybody else , i 'm giving tic-tacs . ''
first scene . jerry is getting a massage .
julianna : ... and usually for lunch i 'll have a salad , and for dinner , i eat whatever i want .
jerry : what do you think the worst part of being blind is ?
julianna : excuse me ?
jerry : you know , if you were blind what do you think the worst part of it would be ?
julianna : i do n't know .
jerry : i think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food . how could you ever enjoy a meal like that ? i 'd constantly be feeling around with my lips and my tongue .
julianna : well that 's how my five-year old eats . he 's a very picky eater .
jerry : you hear about that kid that was kidnapped the other day in pennsylvania ?
julianna : no .
jerry : he was at a carnival with his mother . she goes to get a hot dog , next thing you know she turns around , boom , he 's gone .
julianna : oh .
jerry : imagine how sick a person has to be to do something like that . and these people are all over the place . you never know who 's crazy , i could be one of these people .
julianna ( visibly uncomfortable ) : have you seen any good movies ?
jerry : who takes care of your boy during the day ?
julianna : we have a woman . why ?
jerry : no no . i 'm just saying .
julianna : she had references .
jerry : i 'm sure she did , i 'm sure they 're impeccable . i 'm talking about the ones that forge them . you know i think this is really helping .
julianna : i do n't live near here , ya know !

new scene . jerry , elaine and george are at jerry 's apartment .
jerry : so she 's giving me the massage and i 'm just making conversation .
elaine : i do n't like to talk during a massage .
jerry : neither do i , but i do it for them . i figure they 're bored .
george : yeah , i do that too . i feel guilty about getting the pleasure . i feel like i do n't deserve it so i talk . it stops me from enjoying it . there's nothing to eat in here .
elaine : oh ! i forgot to tell you --
jerry : i 'm in the middle of a story .
elaine : okay , go ahead .
george : why do n't you ever go shopping ?
jerry : not like it 's a really funny story or anything .
elaine : what happened ?
jerry : well so she mentioned that she had a son , and the for some reason i launch into the story about the kid from pennsylvania who was abducted .
elaine : oh , was n't that terrible ?
jerry : yes , it was .
george : not even an apple .
elaine : she does n't want to hear that , that was stupid .
jerry : i know it was stupid .
elaine : really stupid .
jerry : hey , i just said it was stupid .
george : what about this leftover chinese food ?
jerry : take it .
elaine : i ca n't believe you said that .
jerry : hey , would you stop it already ?
elaine : so , what did she say ?
jerry : i do n't know , she actually seemed to get a little paranoid .
george : this is terrible . what is this , ginger ? i hate ginger . i can't understand how anyone can eat ginger .
elaine : i have a good masseuse you could go to .
jerry : nah , she 's really good and she 's not just a masseuse , she 's a physical therapist . there 's a big difference . she uses the ultrasound , it 's a real medical procedure . in fact , if you get a doctor 's note , it 's covered by insurance .
george : physical therapy is covered by insurance ?
jerry : yeah .
george : you do n't have to pay for the massage ?
jerry : not if you have a doctor 's note .
elaine : so where do you get this note ?
jerry : well i 've never actually done it but if i really wanted to i could probably get one from my friend roy , the dentist .
george : right , your friend roy .
elaine : what 's the name of this physical therapist ?
jerry : i 'll tell you , but do n't ask her anything about her kid , she a little off .
george : and you do n't have to pay .
new scene . george and elaine are at the physical therapist 's office .
george : we have three-o'clock appointments .
receptionist : george and elaine , right ? could you fill these out for me please ? and elaine , you 'll be seeing julianna , and george , you 'll be with raymond .
george : excuse me , did you say 'raymond ' ?
receptionist : yes .
george : but , uh , raymond is a man .
receptionist : that 's right .
george sits down slowly , letting this sink in .
george : i ca n't get a massage from a man .
elaine : why not ?
george : what , are you crazy ? i ca n't have a man touching me . switch with me .
elaine : no , i do n't want the man either .
george : what 's the difference , you 're a woman . they 're supposed to be touching you .
elaine : he 'd just be touching your back .
george : he 'd just be touching your back too .
elaine : no , it could get sexual .
george : i know . that 's the point . if it 's gon na get sexual , it should get sexual with you .
elaine : i would n't be comfortable .
george : i would ? what if something happens ?
elaine : what could happen ?
george : what if it felt good ?
elaine : it 's supposed to feel good .
george : i do n't want it to feel good .
elaine : then why get the massage ?
george : exactly !
a man walks up dressed in white .
raymond : george ?
george : yes ?
raymond : i 'm raymond .
george : hello .
raymond : are you ready ?
george gets up cautiously and walks with raymond .
new scene . george is on the table getting a massage from raymond . george appears extremely uncomfortable .
raymond : ... and then julianna asked me if i wanted to join her here in the office .
george : really .
raymond : i used to be a flight attendant .
george : oh boy .
raymond : ya know , why do n't you open those pants , it 's gon na be a lot easier that way .
george loosens his pants , raymond grabs them and yanks then down his hips then starts massaging his lower back .
raymond : so what do you do ?
george : what ?
raymond : i said , 'what do you do ? ' .
george : i do n't know .
raymond : you do n't know what you do ?
george : nah .
raymond : oh , come on . hey , you 're very tense .
george : coffee . too much coffee .
raymond : okay , just take off those pants now , i 'll work the hamstring .
george : oh , the hamstring 's fine .
raymond : but you wrote that it was tender .
george : i wrote . pfft , * i * wrote .
raymond : i 'll check it out .
george : are you sure ?
raymond : yeah , take 'em off .
george gets up to remove his pants , he looks over and sees raymond rubbing his hands with oil . nervous , george pulls his pants down and climbs back on the table . as soon as raymond touches his leg , george becomes rigid with discomfort .
raymond : how did you hurt this ?
george : i do n't know .
raymond : you do n't know ?
george : no .
raymond : but you just told me --
george : korea .
raymond : you hurt it in korea ?
george : what ?
raymond : the hamstring .
george : korea .
raymond : how ?
george : hamstring .
raymond : how did you hurt the hamstring ?
george : hotel .
new scene . elaine is in the waiting room , george walks out very slowly , he appears positively shell-shocked .
elaine : how 'd it go ? george ?
george walks right out the door , ignoring elaine .
new scene . jerry 's apartment , jerry is on the phone .
jerry : no appointments at all ? because my neck is still tight . what about thursday ? and friday ? oh boy . okay , thanks anyway .
george enters acting nervous .
jerry : what 's with you ?
george : a ...
jerry : yes , a ... ?
george : a man gave me ...
jerry : yes , a man gave you ... ?
george : a man gave me ... a massage .
jerry : so ?
george : so he ... had his hands and , uh , he was ...
jerry : he was what ? !
george : he was ... touching and rubbing .
jerry : that 's a massage .
george : and then i took my pants off .
jerry : you took your pants off ?
george : for my hamstring .
jerry : oh .
george : he got about two inches from ... there .
jerry : really ?
george : i think it moved .
jerry : moved ?
george : it may have moved , i do n't know .
jerry : i 'm sure it did n't move .
george : it moved ! it was imperceptible but i felt it .
jerry : maybe it just wanted to change positions ? you know , shift to the other side .
george : no , no . it was n't a shift , i 've shifted , this was a move .
jerry : okay , so what if it moved ?
george : that 's the sign ! the test ; if a man makes it move .
jerry : that 's not the test . contact is the test , if it moves as a result of contact .
george : you think it 's contact ? it has to be touched ?
jerry : that 's what a gym teacher once told me .
kramer enters .
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : i just saw joe dimaggio in dinky donuts . you know , i looked in there and there he was having coffee and a donut .
jerry : joe dimaggio ? in dinky donuts ?
kramer : yeah . joe dimaggio .
jerry : i 'm sorry , if joe dimaggio wants a donut he goes to a fancy restaurant or a hotel . he 's not sitting in dinky donuts .
kramer : well maybe he likes dinky donuts .
george : i do n't even like to sit next to a man on an airplane 'cause our knees might touch .
jerry : i ca n't see joe dimaggio sitting at the counter in little tiny filthy smelly dinky donuts .
kramer : why ca n't joe dimaggio have a donut like everyone else ?
jerry : he can have a donut , but not at dinky .
george : i do n't even like to use urinals , i 've always been a stall man .
kramer : look i 'm telling -- ( he does a double take and looks at george ) i'm telling you , that was joe dimaggio .
george : the guy slept with marilyn monroe , he 's in dinky donuts . what about this doctor 's note ? let 's go see your friend roy .
jerry : i never said i 'd do that .
george : what are you talking about , that 's seventy-five bucks ! i 'm not working , i ca n't afford that .
jerry : i do n't know how i feel about it .
george : oh , what are you , like , a quaker now ?
jerry : alright , alright .
kramer : a stall man , huh ?
new scene . george and jerry are in roy 's office .
jerry : ... so we were just kinda wondering if it was possible for you to write us a note , and if you ca n't , believe me , it 's fine .
george : he did n't say he ca n't .
jerry : i mean , if you feel funny about it at all .
george : he does n't feel funny .
jerry : if he does .
george : do you feel funny ? he did n't say anything .
jerry : he feels funny . you do n't have to do this .
george : he knows that !
jerry : roy , should we go ? is this a breach of our friendship ?
george : oh , can you be any more dramatic ?
roy : do n't be ridiculous . ( notices george looking at a poster on the wall ) holyfield . he 's a good friend of one of my patients . he 's got a hell of a body , does n't he ?
george : how would i know ?
roy : do you like him ?
george : what do you mean , like him ?
roy : do you like him ?
george : i mean he 's a good fighter and a nice guy but i do n't like him .
roy : how come you do n't like him ?
george : why should i ?
jerry : what is the matter with you ?
george : nothing , why ? you think something 's wrong ? am i different ?
roy : so , you want the notes ?
jerry : you do n't have to , really .
roy : nah nah , it 's ok .
jerry : we should probably get one for elaine , too , right george ? ( turns to george , who is staring intently at the holyfield poster ) george ?
new scene . jerry and elaine are at jerry 's apartment , jerry is on the phone .
jerry : well what about the week after ? no appointments at all ? ( jerry tries to sit down on the couch , but elaine is too close to the end and he has to squeeze in between her and the arm to sit down ) can i at least just talk to her so i can apologize ? forget it . ( hangs up ) i ca n't believe this , i make one innocent comment about some lunatic in pennsylvania and i 'm cut off . this woman is insane . ( looks at elaine for a moment ) what 's with you ?
elaine : what ?
jerry : well you were too close to me , i was all scrunched in there .
elaine : hey , you scrunched me . i sat down here first .
kramer enters .
kramer : hey , i saw dimaggio in the donut shop again .
jerry : uh huh .
elaine : joe dimaggio ?
kramer : joe dimaggio , you know this time i went in and sat down across from him and i really watched him . i studied his every move . for example , he dunks .
elaine : joe dimaggio dunks his donut ?
kramer : that 's right .
jerry : see , now i know it 's not him . joe dimaggio could not be a dunker .
kramer : oh , he 's a dunker .
elaine : why could n't he be a dunker ?
kramer : and nothing diverts his attention . like , i 'm uh , you know , like i'm sitting in there , you know . and i start banging on the table , you know , to uh , look up , you know , like i 'm sitting there you know and uh , * bang * ( slams the table ) you know , * bang * he would n't move . so then i start doing these yelping noises . like , * yip * ( high pitched yelping noises ) * yip * . no reaction because the guy is so focused , you see , he can just block out anything that 's going on around him . see , that 's how he played baseball . he dunks like he hits .
elaine : so then what ?
kramer : well , then the waitress , she comes up and she tells me to shut up or they 're gon na throw me out .
elaine : why did n't you just call out his name ?
george enters , his pants are ripped at the knee .
jerry : what happened to you ?
george : one of those kids called me a mary .
elaine : a what ?
george : i was jumping over a puddle and for some reason i went like this . ( george stretches out his arms in a ballet motion ) they called me a mary . so i chased them , and i tripped and i fell .
kramer : yeah , you know kids , they can be very perceptive .
elaine : hey , george ? what is this ? ( elaine makes the same outstretched arm motion ) what is that ? no really , what is that ?
george heads for the bathroom , the phone rings , kramer answers it , jerry grabs it from him .
jerry : hello ? oh , hi roy . what ? oh my god , how did this happen ? what can i do ? oh . i am so sorry . okay . bye . ( hangs up ) that was roy . he 's under investigation for insurance fraud .
kramer ( singing ) : ... just a man and not a freak , joltin ' joe dimaggio . joe , joe . go , joe ...
jerry : i told you .
george : told me what ?
jerry : i told you we should n't do it .
george : he did n't say anything .
jerry : he 's got a house , a family , they could take away his license . you should have heard him . three notes , how stupid was that ? we never should have got three notes .
elaine : three notes ?
jerry : yeah , you , me and george .
elaine : you got me a note ?
jerry : yeah .
elaine : but i got my own note .
jerry : you what ?
elaine : i got a note from my gynecologist .
jerry : why 'd you do that ?
elaine : i did n't know you were getting me a note .
jerry : of course i was getting you a note .
elaine : but you did n't say anything .
jerry : neither did you , that 's how he got caught . we sent in four notes from two doctors .
kramer : how can you do that to your friend ? he 's got a wife , kids , and a lot of other stuff . oh , yeah .
kramer leaves .
new scene . jerry and george are at roy 's office .
jerry : hi pam .
pam : hello .
george : hello .
jerry : i just thought maybe i could talk to roy .
roy walks in .
roy : pam , did the x-ray from mrs. sloan ... hi .
jerry : hi roy .
george : how ya doing ?
roy : come on back , i have a patient but she 's under .
new scene . roy , jerry and george are talking over a woman sleeping in a dental chair .
jerry : i do n't even know what to say .
george : me neither .
jerry : i knew this would happen .
george : me too .
jerry : i mean the whole thing , it 's just ...
george : tragic .
jerry : well it 's not tragic .
george : no ?
jerry : no , it 's ...
george : unsettling ?
jerry : okay . i mean , what if the --
pam walks in and interrupts .
pam : i hope you 're both happy .
jerry : i 'm not happy .
george : me neither . i 've never been happy .
jerry : i mean i 'm happy sometimes , but not now .
george : in college , maybe . those were fun times .
jerry : yeah , college was fun .
pam walks in again and interjects .
pam : you know the whole practice is in jeopardy , you know that ?
roy : do n't mind her .
jerry : oh please , i love her .
george : i 've just met her but i 'm very impressed .
roy : i ca n't understand , i 've never had a problem with these notes before .
jerry : what 's the next move , what 's gon na happen now ?
roy : well , nothing really , as long as we get the physical therapist to go along with our story .
jerry : what ? the physical therapist ? why ?
roy : she just has to say the complaint was related to a dental problem .
the woman in the chair wakes up and looks at jerry and george .
george : how ya doing ?
new scene . jerry and george are at julianna 's office .
jerry : hi . look , i know i do n't have an appointment but it 's really important that i talk with julianna .
receptionist : i 'm sorry , mr. seinfeld , she 's not it .
jerry : yeah , i know she 's mad at me but i really have to speak with her .
receptionist : i told you , she 's not here .
jerry : you do n't understand .
receptionist : look , you have to leave .
jerry : wait a second , do n't you -- ( julianna walks up with her child ) hi . hi . look , i do n't know what you --
julianna : please !
jerry : -- but , you see , let me just talk to you for a second , see , what i did is inadvertently sent an insurance --
julianna : i treated you , so please , just get out of the office !
jerry : ca n't you just listen to me ?
julianna ( releasing her child ) : run billy ! run to the office and close the door ! ( to the receptionist ) call the police !
julianna then runs down the hall .
jerry : the police ?
raymond the masseuse walks up .
raymond : hi george .
george : hello .
jerry ( to george ) : raymond ?
new scene . elaine , jerry and george are at the coffee shop .
elaine : well , i mean it 's only six months probation , it 's a slap on the wrist .
jerry : yeah , i still do n't see any dinner invitations forthcoming .
george : men have been popping into my sexual fantasies . all of a sudden , i'll be in the middle .
elaine : of what ? oh .
george : and a guy will appear from out of nowhere . i say `` get out of here ! what do you want ? you do n't belong here ! ''
elaine : what do they do ?
george : they talk back . they go , `` hey george , how 's it going ? '' i say , `` get the hell out of here ! ''
jerry spots kramer through the window .
jerry : hey , it 's the k-man . ( he bangs on the glass to get kramer 's attention ) maybe it 's time you got as different hobby .
kramer enters and sits at the booth .
kramer : i just came from roy 's . i threw up from the gas .
the three all put down their coffee cups simultaneously .
jerry : did he say anything ?
kramer : no no , he 's fine .
jerry ( noticing something across the coffee shop ) : oh my god , it 's ...
george ( looking over ) : joe dimaggio .
kramer : where ?
jerry : having a cup of coffee .
elaine : he 's dunking !
jerry : wow . look at him . the yankee clipper . here .
george : you see ? now that is a handsome man . ( elaine and jerry look right at george ) oh please .
kramer : wait , wait . * bang * ( he slams his hand down on the table ) * bang * ( again ) * yip * ( another high pitched yelping sound ) * yip * see ? i told you .
closing monologue .
what causes homophobia ? what is it that makes a heterosexual man worry ? i think it 's because men know that deep down we have weak sales resistance . we're constantly buying shoes that hurt us , pants that do n't fit right . men think , '' obviously i can be talked into anything . what if i accidentally wander into some sort of homosexual store , thinking it 's a shoe store , and the salesman goes , 'just hold this guy 's hand , walk around the store a little bit , see how you feel . no obligation , no pressure , just try it . would you like to see him in a sandal ? ' ''
welcome everyone to the room ... ah , the extra button .... yeah ... what kind of a sicko
would save these ... have them in a huge file , drawers that wide ( small fingers opening
imaginary drawers ) where the hell is that ... i mean is it that hard to get round black
buttons that they have to make it into such a great thing like this ? ... is it such a
great jacket ... the buttons are so unique , so one of a kind , you 'll never find them - they
save you the trouble of knocking your brain off - and we know they 're going to fall off
too that 's the other thing ...


monks
=====
patrice : everyone in my family 's creative . and even though i 'm working as an accountant
now i 'd really like to eventually live exclusively on my pappe-ay mache-ay hats
george : i do n't understand . paper machay hats ?
patrice : uh uh
george : what if it rains ?
fd : they 're art . you hang them on the wall .
george : oh , art !
patrice : it 's my creative outlet . one of my <UNK> .
george : any money in it ?
patrice : who so <UNK> only to his age , references only <UNK> and <UNK> <UNK>
george : of course , right .
patrice : thomas <UNK> , <UNK> .
george : <UNK> <UNK> .

jerry 's apartment
=================
jerry : these are the receipts from 85 and i 'm going to do <UNK> .
kramer : i 'm sorry . i thought it was a <UNK> charity . i did n't know you 'd get audited
jerry : i do n't blame you . i blame myself .
kramer : no , blame me .
jerry : ok , i blame you .
kramer : do n't blame me .
jerry : what was i supposed to do ? you knew i was on my first date with elaine . you come
barging in here asking me to contribute money for a volcano <UNK> <UNK> for <UNK> .
kramer : it was supposed to erupt .
jerry : i find the whole thing very embarrassing .
kramer : you know what my feelings are about this . i do n't even pay taxes .
jerry : yeah , <UNK> 's easy when you have no <UNK> .
< elaine enters >
elaine : hi ,
jerry : hi
elaine : kramer , do me a favour will ya ' . if you <UNK> o making pasta in my
apartment please do n't put the <UNK> sauce on the pasta while it 's in the
<UNK> . all the little <UNK> have <UNK> red sauce in them .
< jerry smiles >
elaine : what 's so funny
jerry : kramer dating your room <UNK> . it 's funny .
elaine : uh , it 's a riot alice .
kramer : when do you <UNK> the sauce on ?
elaine : any other time .
kramer : i like to <UNK> the sauce .
elaine : and ... i could really live without the <UNK> music ... and the make out <UNK>
in the living room
kramer : yeah , tina likes the couch .
elaine : what are you doing ? what is all this ?
jerry : oh he 's uh , helping me sort my receipts . i 'm being audited .
elaine : o , your being <UNK> ? what for ?
jerry : oh , i <UNK> money to a charity that turned out to be <UNK> . it 's very
boring .
elaine : when was this ?
jerry : uh , along long time ago , in a galaxy far far away .
elaine : i remember you <UNK> to some volcano thing on our first date .
jerry : volcano ? really ?
elaine : oh , wait a minute . do n't tell me that that was ...
jerry : something to drink ?
elaine : what did you think , that would <UNK> me ?
jerry : you got it all wrong . i was thinking only of the poor krakatoans
elaine : like you this <UNK> for 50 bucks and i 'd start tearing my clothes off ?
jerry : those <UNK> krakatoans east of <UNK> . who <UNK> so much for so long .
elaine : now you 're being audited because of it . you see that 's karma .
jerry : no , that 's <UNK> .
elaine : so , <UNK> ' going to do ?
jerry : it 's all taken care of .
elaine : how is that ?
kramer : < chuckles >
jerry : an old friend of mine , whom you may have met , george costanza ,
has recently become <UNK> with a female accountant who was <UNK> a <UNK>
<UNK> <UNK> with an outfit <UNK> as the irs . and as we speak , at this very
moment he is handing over to her all of my <UNK> tax information . and she
has assured us that the matter is well <UNK> her field of <UNK> .
elaine : why is she doing this ?
jerry : i do n't know . it must be love .
monks
=====
george : i do n't think we should see each other anymore . you 're great but i 'm i 'm <UNK> with
personal problems .
patrice : what did i do ?
george : nothing it 's not you . it 's me . i have a fear of commitment . i do n't know how to love .
patrice : you hate my earrings do n't you ?
george : no , no ,
patrice : and you did n't comment on the chop sticks .
george : i love the chop sticks . i , i personally prefer a fork but they look very nice .
patrice : you 're not telling me the truth . i must have done something .
george : i have a fear of <UNK>
patrice : do n't give me <UNK> . i have a right to know . what did i do wrong ?
george : nothing . it 's not you ..
patrice : i want the truth .
george : the truth . you want the truth ? it is your earrings it is the <UNK> but it 's so much
more . you 're pretentious . you call everyone by their full name you call my doorman , <UNK> ,
`` samuel '' but you did n't even say `` samuel '' you went `` <UNK> - <UNK> <UNK> '' <UNK> <UNK> what is
<UNK> <UNK> ?
patrice : keep goin ' .
george : i , i think i made my point . i 'm sorry if i was a little harsh .
patrice : no , i asked for the truth . thank you for being so honest .
george : can i uh , can i walk you back to work ?
patrice : i prefer to go alone . how much do i owe ?
george : oh , please ... ... four dollars is f ...
jerry 's apartment
==================
jerry : ... if this audit had happened to me and i did n't have this woman to help
me i would have killed this man . i would have <UNK> the life out of him
with my <UNK> hands
elaine : i do n't blame ya '
jerry : have you ever been through an audit ?
elaine : no .
jerry : it 's hell . it 's the financial <UNK> of a complete <UNK>
<UNK> . i would have killed this man . torn him limb from limb , ripped the
flesh right off his <UNK> ...
< buzzer >
jerry : yeah
george : george
jerry : come up - ah , there he is , the man himself , george <UNK> costanza . here i am about to go
to the <UNK> chair and my <UNK> friend is dating the <UNK>
george : my whole life has been a complete waste of time , < chuckle >
jerry : and there 's so much more to go .
george : now i know what i am supposed to do . it 's so simple .
tell the truth that 's all . just tell the truth
jerry : so what happened ? you gave her my tax papers ? ... my papers ?
george : oh , oh , your papers
jerry : what happened you did n't give her the papers ?
george : no . i did .
jerry : so ?
george : ... i broke up with her .
< kramer leaves >
jerry : you what ?
george : i broke up with her .
jerry : i 'm being audited ! and you broke up with her ?
george : it 's ok. it 's fine . she 'll do it . i 'm sure she 'll still do it .
jerry : why will she still do it ? she hates you now . people do n't do you favors after you dump
them .
george : oh , no . we left on good terms .
jerry : how is that possible ?
george : because i uh , i told her the truth .
jerry : oh , my god .
george : it 's ok .
jerry : it 's unheard of ...
george : she asked me to .
jerry : so you lie ! what did you tell her ?
george : i told her that she was pretentious .
jerry : pretentious ! ? the woman has my tax papers . you told her she was
pretentious ? the irs . they 're like the <UNK> . they can take anything they
want
elaine : how would you like it if someone told you the truth ?
george : like what ? what could they say ?
elaine : there are plenty of things to say .
george : like what ? i 'm bald ? what is it specifically ? is , is there an odor i 'm not aware of ?
elaine : george , please .
george : give me one .
elaine : you sure ?
george : yes .
elaine : what ?
elaine : forget it . you are very careful with money .
george : i 'm cheap ? you think i 'm cheap ? how could you say that to me ? i ca n't
believe this . how could you say that to me ?
elaine : you asked me to .
george : you should have lied .
elaine : huh , so should you .
jerry : ok , wait a second , wait a second , what happened to my papers ?
george : < ignoring jerry > i mean i 'm not really working right now .
elaine : i know .
george : when i was working i spent baby .
jerry : yeah , i know <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> . what happened to the papers ?
george : she put them in her pocketbook . i guess she took them with her .
elaine : pocketbook or a <UNK> ?
jerry : is that relevant ? she took them . call her office .
george : give me the phone . < dials > <UNK> , hi i would like to speak to patrice . ...
what ? ... oh really ? ... oh , ok , thank you , ... < hangs up >
jerry : what ? what ?
george : she never came back from lunch .
jerry : this is no good . this is no good . call her house .
george : < dials > hi , are you ok ? no , no , .. huh , < hangs up > she hung up .
jerry : not good .
george : all right . there 's nothing to be worried about . she 's just a little
annoyed right now . tomorrow i 'll personally go over there . i 'll apologize .
i 'll get the papers . do n't worry . do n't worry . < exits >
jerry : not good
< break >
jerry 's apartment
=================
kramer : yeah , it 's a windshield .
jerry : i can see that . what 's it for ?
kramer : i found it on the road .
jerry : yeah ( to buzzer )
elaine : ( from intercom ) i just finished working out are you busy ?
jerry : come on up .
kramer : can you believe somebody threw this out ? you know i 'm going to make a
coffee table out of this and surprise tina .
jerry : would n't it be invisible ? i mean , what , are you going to just sense it 's
in front of the couch ?
kramer : wow
< elaine enters - she and kramer avoid each other 's stares >
elaine : hell-oo
kramer : hell-oo
jerry : what 's with you two ?
elaine : you have n't told him ?
jerry : tell me what ?
elaine : huh , go ahead , tell him .
kramer : i , i saw her naked .
elaine : he saw me naked . kramer , ... saw me naked .
kramer : well , you know , ... it was an accident .
elaine : who walks into a woman 's bedroom without knocking . i want to know !
kramer : i thought it was a closet .
jerry : completely naked ?
kramer : completely naked .
elaine : <UNK> , how can i go on ?
kramer : all right . i 'll tell you what . if it 's going to make you feel any better you can see me naked .
< kramer begins <UNK> >
elaine : no thanks !
kramer : no , i want you to see me naked .
elaine : no , no no .
kramer : no , i want to show you .
elaine : no ! jerry ! jerry !
jerry : ok , just a second lets not lose our heads here . kramer you know you are always welcome in my
home but as far as mr. johnson is concerned , that 's another story .
< kramer sits down picks up windshield >
elaine : <UNK> is this ?
kramer : well , it 's a windshield . it 's going to be your new coffee table .
elaine : ah , i 'm going to kill myself on that <UNK> . you ca n't even see it .
jerry : you 'll sense it .
< george enters slowly >
jerry : well , what happened ? was she there ?
george : no , no she was n't .
jerry : you did n't get my papers ?
george : no , i did n't .
jerry : well , where is she ?
george : a mental institution .
stand up routine
================
why is it so difficult , uncomfortable , to be naked . it 's because when you have
clothes on you can always kinda make those little <UNK> that people like
to do ... you feel like you 're getting it together , yeah , yeah pretty good
< pulling at <UNK> , pockets <UNK> > feeling good looking good but when you 're
naked it 's like it 's so final you 're , well that 's it . < no <UNK> > there 's
nothing else i can do . that 's why i like to wear a belt when i 'm naked . cause i
feel it gives me something , i know i 'm naked , but you know , < <UNK> and
lifting belt > i like to get pockets to hang off of the belt that would be ,
would n't that be the ultimate ? to be naked and still be able to do this < hand
in pocket > i think that would really help a lot .
<UNK>
jerry 's apartment
=================
jerry : a mental institution ?
kramer : you know what they do in there ? did you see <UNK> 's nest ? they put those <UNK> in
your head .
george : it 's not really a mental institution . it 's more like a <UNK>
clinic . she went out to woodhaven and checked herself in . i 'm , i 'm sick over
this .
elaine : who told you this :
george : her roommate . i 've <UNK> women to <UNK> before but never to a mental institution .
kramer : my friend bob sacamano had shock <UNK> . but his <UNK> were so large , it had no effect .
jerry : you know i hate to raise a <UNK> financial concern but was there any
information as to the where <UNK> of my papers !
george : she put them in her pocket book . she probably took them out there with her .
jerry : so what now ?
george : i do n't know .
jerry : can we go out there ?
george : where ?
jerry : woodhaven .
george : we could .
woodhaven
=========
george : i 'm very nervous about this . i 've never spoken to a mental patient before .
jerry : my cousin <UNK> was in a place like this one time . he came over to
my house for dinner . there was no soda and he went <UNK> . he was <UNK> '
`` where 's the pepsi , where 's the pepsi ? ''
george : i should be in a place like this i envy this woman . ya ' get to wear
slippers all day . friends visit . they pity you . pity is very <UNK> . i
like it it 's good . plus they give you those word association
tests . i love those .
jerry : that 'd be great . there 's no wrong answer .
george : potato
jerry : tuberculosis
george : blanket
jerry : <UNK>
george : <UNK>
jerry : tuberculosis
george : oh , boy . here she comes .
elaine 's apartment
==================
< african music is playing as elaine enters , dirty <UNK> and dishes are <UNK> high in the kitchen >
elaine : oh , my god .
< kramer enters dancing with only a towel on . >
elaine : kramer !
kramer : hey .
elaine : will you please put something on .
kramer : uh , you want some <UNK> ? i made some african food . there 's , <UNK> and uh , <UNK> .
tina : kramer , are you coming back to bed ?
kramer : yeah , yeah , i 'll be right there baby .
tina : oh , hi elaine . < returns elaine 's <UNK> rings > what did you think of the coffee table ?
elaine : it 's invisible .
kramer : so , is everything cool ? or what ?
tina : yeah , you seem little bit <UNK> .
elaine : well ,
tina : come on elaine . just tell us the truth .
elaine : the truth ! , you want the truth ?
woodhaven
=========
patrice : who are you ?
george : oh , this is my friend jerry .
patrice : why are you talking like that ? and what do you want ?
jerry : want , want ? what could i possibly want ? uh , i just came because i , i heard so many nice things
about you from george .
patrice : george thinks i 'm pretentious .
george : pretentious ? who is n't pretentious ? ha , ha , if everyone who was
pretentious was in a mental institution , ... uh , obviously this is n't a mental
institution .
patrice : you 're just trying to take it all back because you 're feeling guilty i 'm in here .
george : no , that 's not it at all .
patrice : do n't lie george .
george : i 'm not a <UNK> !
george : uh , we 're cool . everything 's cool ( to security <UNK> )
jerry : just chatting . friendly .
george : all <UNK> , no reason for us to uh , raise our voices .
patrice : i know what you said . you ca n't change that .
george : what i said ? i saw stupid things all the time i ca n't go two minutes without saying stupid things .
jerry : it 's one stupid thing after another . so let me ask you , when you come to one of these places ,
what do you bring your pocketbook ?
george : you should be the one <UNK> me . i , i 'm lucky to even know someone like you .
patrice : you mean that ?
george : of course i mean that . i am <UNK> of <UNK> .
jerry : he 's never <UNK> . you know some women keep a lot of important papers in their , uh , pocket book .
like for example oh , someone else 's personal financial papers .
patrice : papers ? oh , jerry , you 're the <UNK> with the tax problem . you know after that day with george i
got so <UNK> i threw out all your papers . so i 'd love to help you but i 'll need the copies .
jerry : there are no copies .
patrice : so are you saying you want to continue seeing me ?
jerry : who makes copies ?
elaine 's apartment
==================
elaine : the truth is ... i think you make ... a very nice couple .
< elaine exits >
kramer : oh ,
tina : kramer ,
< dancing in the dark to the music >
tina : here kramer ?
kramer : no , lets go to the couch ...
< sound of <UNK> glass >
jerry 's apartment
================ [
jerry : < on phone > yes , i 'm trying to get a <UNK> of a receipt for a <UNK> <UNK> bought there ....
it was 1987 ... i remember i talked to a guy - he had like a <UNK> sport jacket - and he might
have had a <UNK> - oh , it was a <UNK> - ok uh , then i 'll come bye ok , bye .
jerry : anybody want to take a walk down to 48th street ? i think i may have <UNK> down another receipt .
elaine : i ca n't . i have to go visit tina in the hospital .
jerry : george ?
george : i 'm going to a poetry reading with patrice : first time <UNK> , in a <UNK> out building , down by the <UNK> ,
supposed to be good .
< kramer enter - all <UNK> up .
kramer : hey , are you going to the hospital now ?
elaine : yeah , i suppose i am .
kramer : all right , great , great uh , we 'll share a cab .
jerry : you 're going by 48th st. you can give me a ride .
george : hey , i 'm getting in on that .
elaine : you know you 're <UNK> ' in .
george : you 're going that way anyway !
stand up
=========
i was audited last year . at first i thought well , irs kinda sounds like toys <UNK>
us maybe wo n't be so bad . maybe they have a sense of fun about it , you know .
but it 's it 's bad . it 's an ordeal . and they do n't do anything to keep your
<UNK> up through the ordeal . i think they should take all your receipts and
put them in one of those big <UNK> <UNK> and just kinda <UNK> it around
there . you know give me a feeling like you might win something . you know what i
mean ? then they can pull them out one by one and go `` oh , i 'm sorry that 's
another illegal <UNK> . but we do have some lovely <UNK> gifts for you .
jail ! ''

the end
[ setting : night club ]
jerry : i have never seen an old person in a new bathing suit in my life . i do n't know where they get their bathing suits , but my father has bathing suits from other <UNK> . my parents live in florida , and if you go down there and you forget your bathing suits then they want you to wear one of <UNK> . you know how that gets ? `` you need trunks son ? i 've got trunks for you . you can wear my trunks . '' fathers do n't wear bathing suits , they wear trunks . it 's kind of the same thing a tree would wear if it went <UNK> . so i get in the water with in thing and it 's like <UNK> around me somewhere . did you ever put on a bathing suit that you do n't even know exactly where you are inside the bathing suit ? you bump into somebody you know : `` no i 'm <UNK> , i 'm waiting for the <UNK> to come back . ''


[ setting : florida , evening , condo of jerry 's parents ]
helen : ( looking by the window ) they were supposed to be here at <UNK> call the <UNK> again .
morty : ( <UNK> in a kitchen <UNK> ) what happened to the scotch tape ? who takes the scotch tape ? nobody returns anything around here .
helen : oh i think that 's them !
morty : you what i 'll do next time ? i 'll hide it so nobody can find it .
( jerry and elaine enter )
all : hi , welcome , greetings , hugs , <UNK> .
morty : welcome to florida !
elaine : hi mr. seinfeld ! ( hug )
jerry : hey , there 's the old man ! ( hug )
morty : so , what took you so long ?
jerry : we waited <UNK> minutes in the rent-a-car place .
helen : i do n't know why you had to rent a car . we would have picked you up .
jerry : what 's the difference ?
helen : you could have used our car .
jerry : i do n't wan na use your car .
helen : what 's wrong with our car ?
jerry : nothing . it 's a fine car . what if you wan na use it ?
helen : we do n't use it .
morty : what are you talking ? we use it .
helen : if you were using it , we would n't use it .
jerry : so what would you do ? you 'd <UNK> ?
helen : how much is a rent-a-car ?
jerry : i do n't know . 25 bucks a day .
helen : what ? you 're crazy .
morty : plus the insurance .
jerry : oh , i did n't get the insurance .
morty : how could you not get the insurance ?
helen : we 'll pay for the car .
jerry : you 're not paying for it .
helen : morty . ( asking him to back her . he does n't )
jerry : god it 's so hot in here . why do n't you put on the air conditioning ?
helen : you do n't need the air conditioner . so , you have your speech all ready ?
jerry : it 's not a speech . do i have to make a speech ?
helen : of course , they 're giving a <UNK> for your father . you could do your comic <UNK> .
jerry : ( <UNK> ) oh yeah , that will go over real well with that crowd .
elaine : ( looking by the window ) ooh , you have a lake ?
jerry : the lake is n't real .
helen : the lake is real .
morty : are you kidding ? they built the lake .
helen : but it 's real . it 's water .
( jerry and elaine take their luggages to the guest room )
helen : where are you going with those ?
jerry : i 'm gon na put elaine 's stuff in here .
helen : do n't sleep in there . you can you use the bedroom .
elaine : i ca n't take your bedroom .
helen : i 'm up at 6 o'clock in the morning .
elaine : i ca n't kick you out of your bed .
helen : we do n't even sleep .
jerry : ma .
helen : but this is sofa bed , you 'll be uncomfortable .
jerry : ( to morty ) what about you ?
morty : why should i be comfortable ?
jerry : ( to helen ) what about him ?
helen : do n't worry , he 's comfortable .
morty : i 'll sleep standing up . i 'll be fine .
helen : will you stop ?
elaine : yeah , i 'll just stay in here . ( goes in the guest room )
helen : ( asking jerry to go in the kitchen so elaine wo n't hear ) jerry . you do n't have to stay on the couch on my account . the two of you could stay in there together .
jerry : no that 's not such a good idea .
helen : well i <UNK> that ...
jerry : not now . she 's right inside .
helen : ( quieter ) what happened ?
jerry : i do n't know . we decided we do n't really work as a couple .
helen : what does that mean ?
jerry : well ...
morty : ( comes to the kitchen and with a loud voice ) why are you whispering ?
jerry : shh ! nothing , nothing .
helen : elaine ...
morty : ( still loud ) what about her ?
jerry : ( tries to explain to morty but elaine then comes out of the guest room to get more luggages , so he <UNK> a conversation ) ... but you know , look at the <UNK> <UNK> . where were they five years ago ? it just goes to show you . you never know what ... huh ( waiting for elaine to go back in the guest room ) you know ... huh ... what could happen to a <UNK> . it could just take right off at any time . ( morty finally gets it . so jerry goes on quieter ) we 've tried all kind of <UNK> , but we ca n't seem to be friend when we sleep together .
morty : ( morty goes on louder ! did he ever whisper in any episode ? : - ) why do you need more friends ? you 've got plenty of friends .
helen : he 's an <UNK> .
morty : what the hell are you looking for ?
jerry : i 'm looking . that 's the point . i like looking .
helen : he likes looking .
morty : so look .
helen : but how long can you look ?
jerry : i 'm going for the record .
( morty walks away with a face like he <UNK> with jerry )
helen : you know your father would n't say so but he 's really glad you came .
jerry : oh , come on .
helen : this is a big thing for him . <UNK> president of the condo association .
( knock on door : this is jack and doris , <UNK> )
morty : aha !
doris : so they <UNK> safely .
morty : ( to jerry ) you remember jack and doris ?
jerry : nice to meet you . this is elaine .
elaine : hi . nice to meet you .
jack : so jerry , you came all the way down here for this ?
elaine : and scuba diving .
helen : scuba diving ? who 's going scuba diving ?
jerry : we 're going scuba diving . we 'll be back in time .
helen : what do you have to go scuba diving for ?
jerry : for fun .
helen : for fun ?
morty : jack have some <UNK> cake .
jack : no . thanks , no .
morty : jack is <UNK> tomorrow . he 's in charge of the whole thing .
jack : so jerry , your mother told me you 're gon na do one your little comedy <UNK> <UNK> ?
jerry : i do n't think so .
jack : no ? listen morty you wan na settle up for last night ? ( morty nods ) all right . i owe you 19.45 $ ( he gets his checks book and a pen from his pocket ) .
morty : what did you have ? you had the minute steak ?
jack : yeah .
morty : did you have a coke or what ?
jack : i did not have a coke .
morty : somebody had a coke .
helen : oh i had a coke .
doris : and i had the <UNK> .
jack : so that 's <UNK> $ and the tax and the <UNK> .
morty : all right . make it 20 bucks .
jack : it 's : 19.45 $ , morty . ( he gives him the check )
morty : 19.45 $ ?
jack : see ? you know your father . he ca n't get a write to the <UNK> , but that 's why he was such a good president .
( jerry notices klompus 's pen )
jerry : what kind of pen is that ?
jack : this pen ?
jerry : yeah .
jack : this is an astronaut pen . it writes upside down . they use this in space .
jerry : wow ! that 's the astronaut pen . i heard about that . where did you get it ?
jack : oh it was a gift .
jerry : cause sometimes i write in bed and i have to turn and lean on my elbow to make the pen works .
jack : take the pen .
jerry : oh no .
jack : go ahead .
jerry : i could n't
jack : come on , take the pen !
jerry : i ca n't take it .
jack : do me a personal favor !
jerry : no , i 'm not ...
jack : take the pen !
jerry : i can not take it !
jack : take the pen !
jerry : are you sure ?
jack : positive ! take the pen !
jerry : o.k . thank you very much . thank you . gee , boy !
helen : jack , what are you doing ?
jack : stop it !
doris : jack , we should go . ( they go to the door ) it was nice to meeting you .
elaine : mmm , nice to meet you .
jerry : thanks again .
jack : come on !
doris : ( to morty ) she 's <UNK> . ( they leave )
helen : ( as soon as the door 's closed ) what did you take his pen for ?
jerry : what he gave it to me .
helen : you did n't have to take it .
morty : oh my god ! she 's got ta make a big deal out of everything .
jerry : he offered it to me .
helen : because you made such a big <UNK> about it .
jerry : i liked it . should i have said i did n't like it ?
helen : you should n't have said anything . what did you expect him to do ? ( the camera shows elaine shaking her head at their dispute )
jerry : he could have said : `` thank you , i like it too '' and put it back in his pocket .
helen : he loves that pen .
morty : oh come on !
helen : he talks about it all the time . every time he takes it out he goes on and on about how it writes upside down , how the astronauts use it .
jerry : if he likes it so much , he never should have offered it .
helen : he did n't think you 'd <UNK> .
jerry : well , he was wrong .
helen : i know his wife . she has some mouth on her . she 'll tell everyone in the condo now that you made him give you the pen . they 're talking about it right now . ( <UNK> we see elaine smiling at their argument )
jerry : so you want me to return it ?
helen : yes .
morty : he 's not gon na return the pen . that 's ridiculous .
jerry : hey i do n't even want the pen now !
morty : jack can afford to give away a pen with all his money . believe me . he gives me a check for <UNK> he did n't have a coke . ho , ho , ho !
elaine : here , let me see it . ( she takes a pad to try the pen ) hey , it <UNK> upside down .
( scene ends )


[ setting : condo 's guest room ]
( elaine is lying on the sofa bed . it 's too hot . she ca n't fall asleep )
( knock on door )
elaine : come in .
jerry : are you o.k . in here ?
elaine : why is it so hot in here ? how can they sleep like this ?
jerry : it 's only for three days . today 's over and we have <UNK> . we leave on sunday . it 's one day , really .
elaine : oh man . what is with this bar ? it 's right in my back . it 's killing me .
jerry : oh you wan na switch ? i 'm sleeping on a love seat . i 've got my feet up in the air like i 'm in a space <UNK> .
elaine : i am never gon na fall asleep .
jerry : oh , do n't say that . you 'll <UNK> me .
elaine : how can they not put the air conditioning on ?
jerry : they 're nuts with temperature .
elaine : this bar is right in my back ! it 's making a dent .
jerry : how about that guy writing a check for 19.45 ?
elaine : i 'm sweating here . i 'm in bed , sweating .
jerry : it 's one day . half a day , really . i mean you <UNK> showers and <UNK> , it 's like twenty minutes . it will go by like that . ( snapping his fingers )
( scene ends )


[ setting : condo , morning ]
( jerry and morty are sitting at the table , helen is at the counter . elaine 's still sleeping ? well , she 's still in the guest room . )
morty : stay on <UNK> south to biscayne boulevard . then you make a left turn . put you <UNK> on <UNK> , there 's an <UNK> there . then you 're gon na <UNK> over very quickly , but stay on biscayne . do n't get off biscayne . you understand me ?
jerry : stay on biscayne .
helen : you 're going underwater ?
jerry : yes . generally that 's where scuba diving is done .
helen : what do you have to go underwater for ? what 's down there that 's so special ?
jerry : what 's so special up here ?
( elaine open the guest room 's door and she 's in pain )
elaine : oh !
( everybody get up and walk to her )
helen : what 's the matter ?
elaine : my back .
helen : what happened ?
elaine : that ... that bed . the bar was right in my back .
helen : ( to jerry ) i told you to let us sleep in there .
jerry : then you would be <UNK> over .
elaine : i do n't even know if i can go scuba diving .
jerry : you ca n't go ?
helen : so stay home .
elaine : you can go .
jerry : without you ? that 's the whole reason you came down here .
helen : do n't go .
jerry : you sure ?
morty : maybe you should see a doctor .
jerry : we 'll stay in a hotel tonight .
elaine : ( whispering to jerry ) yes !
helen : no , we 'll stay in there .
jerry : why do n't you get a new sofa ?
morty : nobody uses it .
jerry : i 'm buying you a new sofa .
helen : oh jerry , do n't talk crazy .
elaine : mrs seinfeld , please . i am begging you . put the air conditioner on .
helen : you 're hot ?
elaine : i 've lost 6 pounds .
helen : i do n't even know how to work it .
morty : i keep telling her it 's like an <UNK> in here .
( evelyn , a <UNK> , enters )
evelyn : is everybody up ?
jerry : hi . how are you ?
evelyn : hello jerry .
jerry : evelyn , this is elaine .
elaine : ( with pain ) hi evelyn .
evelyn : jerry you got thin .
jerry : too thin ?
helen : oh stop worrying so much about how you look .
evelyn : so where 's the new pen ? ( everybody 's surprised by this question )
jerry : ( jerry <UNK> his head and acts like he 's not sure what she 's talking about ) what ?
evelyn : the pen . the one jack klompus gave you .
helen : how did you know that ?
evelyn : blanche told me .
helen : blanche ?
evelyn : that 's some good pen . it writes upside down .
elaine : the astronauts use them .
helen : what did blanche say ?
evelyn : i do n't know . she said jerry wanted the pen .
jerry : i never really wanted the pen .
morty : he gave him the pen .
helen : morty .
evelyn : why you do n't like the pen ?
jerry : no , no , i ...
evelyn : cause if you do n't like it , give it back to him .
helen : is that what she said ?
evelyn : who ?
helen : blanche .
evelyn : what are you talking about ?
( the phone rings , helen answers . )
helen : hello ? oh hello gussy . what ? jerry would n't do that . jack gave it to him . all he said was he liked it . i mean nobody put a gun to his head . ( to jerry ) you 're giving him back that pen . ( she continues the discussion with gussy but we do n't hear it . )
elaine : somebody please -- the air conditioner !
morty : ( morty gets up ) oh ! i forgot all about it .
( the phone conversation is over . helen looks at jerry . )
jerry : all i said was `` i like the pen '' .
( morty looks at the control <UNK> for the air conditioner )
morty : how the hell do you work this thing ?
( scene ends )


[ setting : still the condo , later ]
( jerry 's gone scuba diving . elaine is lying on the floor with pillows under her <UNK> . morty and helen are on the couch , looking at elaine . helen is wearing a sweater and she 's freezing )
helen : maybe you should n't go tonight .
elaine : no no , i wan na go .
helen : but your back hurts .
morty : maybe a couple of muscle relaxers would help .
elaine : oh , oh , o.k . ( helen holds her sweater tight against herself ) you can turn down the air conditioning if you want .
helen : no . i 'm fine .
elaine : you 're not too cold ?
helen : no .
( jerry enters with a black eye )
jerry : do n't be <UNK> .
morty : oh my god ! what the hell happened to you ?
jerry : i 'm o.k . my capillaries burst .
helen : your capillaries ? do you know what you look like ?
jerry : ( to elaine on the floor ) how are you doing ?
elaine : having a good time !
jerry : is it my <UNK> or is it freezing in here ?
helen : what happened to your eyes ?
jerry : well i started to go under ...
helen : with the <UNK> ?
jerry : yeah , and i got about ten feet down and i felt this tremendous pressure on my <UNK> . like my <UNK> were being <UNK> out of their <UNK> .
helen : i told you ...
( jack enters , all <UNK> , smoking a <UNK> )
jack : excuse me . ( to helen ) doris would like to borrow red your pocketbook to go with her shoes . ( to elaine on the floor ) the shoes have to match the pocketbook . ( to the others ) what 's she doing ? yoga ?
elaine : my back hurts .
jack : morty you got ta hurry up . get ready .
morty : we got plenty of time .
jack : ( to jerry ) what happened to you ?
jerry : i got in a fist fight with one of the ladies at the pool .
helen : it 's from scuba diving .
jack : what 's there to see underwater ?
( helen turns to jerry and makes a face like : give him back the pen )
jerry : listen <UNK> klompus , it was really a nice gesture of you to give me the pen , but i do n't really need it .
jack : you what ?
jerry : i mean it 's a terrific pen , but i think you should keep it . ( he <UNK> the pen to jack )
jack : well i mean ...
jerry : take it .
jack : all right ! ( he smiles and take it )
( morty gets up and walks right to jack )
morty : you know jack , you 've got a hell of a nerve taking that kid 's pen .
jack : whose pen ?
morty : his pen .
jack : this happens to be my pen .
morty : you did n't give it to him .
jack : what are you talking about ? he <UNK> <UNK> me for it .
morty : where do you come off with this crap ?
jack : listen , do you think i take everything everybody offers me ? you offered me sponge cake yesterday . did i take it ?
morty : you said you did n't want it !
jack : of course i wanted it ! i love sponge cake !
morty : then who the hell said you could n't have any ? i mean what the hell do i care whether you have sponge cake ?
( jerry and elaine ca n't <UNK> what they 're hearing )
jack : because i saw the look on your face last week when i took the scotch tape !
morty : ahh ! ahh ! so you got the scotch tape ! i 've been looking all over for it !
jack : do n't worry about it ! i 'll give it back !
morty : i do n't want it !
jack : i do n't want it !
morty : you know jack , do me a favor will you ? take the pen and the scotch tape , and get the hell out of here !
jack : listen do you think i give a damn ?
morty : aah ! ( jack leaves ) the nerve of that guy ! taking back that pen . well <UNK> for them .
jerry : what is going on in this community ! are you people aware of what 's happening ? what is driving you to this behavior ? is it the <UNK> ? is it the <UNK> ? is it the white shoes ?
helen : i have no use for either one of them . i do n't even want them there tonight . ( she still has the pocketbook in her hands )
jerry : is n't he supposed to be the emcee ?
morty : yeah , he 's supposed to be the emcee .
jerry : well . this should be a very interesting evening .
elaine : ( still on the floor ) uh ... what about those muscle relaxers ?
( scene ends )


[ setting : reception room , evening ]
( morty , helen , elaine and jerry are standing for a <UNK> in the <UNK> . jerry wears sunglasses and elaine is all <UNK> on muscle relaxers . )
photographer : say astronaut .
( elaine is laughing for nothing and she walks right up to the <UNK> of the camera . )
elaine : say what ? ( laughing ) say what ?
jerry : ( jerry brings her back ) you took too many of those pills .
morty : astronaut ?
helen : say it .
jerry , morty and helen : astronaut !
elaine : ( still laughing , she says it just as the picture is taking ) <UNK> ... <UNK> !
( the <UNK> <UNK> and we see that the picture is awful , with jerry and his sunglasses , and elaine laughing who can barely stand . )
morty : good . o.k . ( the photographer walks away ) what about last year when i took him to the hospital every day ? did he ever say thank you ?
jerry : oh god . ( <UNK> an arm 's grabbing as he sees uncle leo entering with his wife stella )
jerry : ( to leo ) uncle leo .
leo : hello !
stella : morty are you nervous ?
morty : what nervous ?
leo : ( to jerry while he 's grabbing his arm as usual ) what 's with the sunglasses ? who are you ? van johnson ?
jerry : i 've got a black eye .
stella : ( to elaine in a childish voice ) hello .
jerry : elaine , this is my aunt stella .
helen : ( shouting as she imitates <UNK> <UNK> ) stella ! stella !
jerry : ( to stella ) her back hurts .
stella : humm ... we saw you on `` the tonight show '' last week .
leo : i thought johnny was very rude to you . he did n't even let you talk .
jerry : no , no .
leo : you need some new material . i 've heard you do that dog routine three times already .
elaine : ( still with her <UNK> , shouting even louder ) stella ! stella !
leo : listen , you should get your cousin jeffrey to write some material for you .
morty : what are you talking ? jeffrey works for the parks department !
leo : you should read the <UNK> he 's written . he 's funnier than the whole bunch of you ! ( jack enters with doris ) oh , here 's jack . we should sit down .
( jack and morty exchange a look . )
stella : ( to helen on a sarcastic <UNK> of voice ) this better be good . i 'm missing `` golden girls '' for this .
helen : ( laughing <UNK> till stella walks away ) i hate her like poison .
( a few minutes later , the ceremony is about to begin . someone in the crowd yells : `` jack let 's get started ! '' everyone applause and we see , from left to right , all sitting on the same side of a long table , facing the public : stella , leo , elaine , jerry , helen , morty , jack at the microphone , doris , and four other people . )
jack : ( on the microphone ) ladies and gentlemen , as you know , every year , phase two of the <UNK> of mark <UNK> <UNK> the <UNK> year president . and this year we are <UNK> morty seinfeld ( the crowd applause and someone yells : morty ! ) a man who slept more hours on the job than <UNK> <UNK> .
morty : ( to helen ) slept on the job ? ( she shushed him )
jack : being president of the condo is not easy . it <UNK> hard work , <UNK> , and commitment , and unfortunately he possesses none of these <UNK> . ( everyone laugh except jerry , helen , and morty . even elaine who 's still <UNK> )
helen : ( morty <UNK> again to helen ) he 's joking .
jack : his <UNK> did <UNK> in one department : the hiring of <UNK> .
morty : ( to jack , loud ) that 's what you say .
jack : but we do owe him a <UNK> of <UNK> because by not <UNK> the crack in the <UNK> , he put mrs <UNK> out of <UNK> for a few weeks . ( morty is now the only one not laughing )
morty : ( loud ) tell them when you took my son 's pen back . tell them about that ! ( he gets up )
jerry : dad !
morty : ( to the crowd ) he gave my son a pen , and then he takes it back . tell them about that !
jack : he gave it to me !
morty : come on . that 's enough , sit down !
jack : i 'm not sitting down !
( they start to fight . morty tries to get the microphone off jack ' hands . he yells to jack to give him the pen . jerry gets up and tries to separate them . we hear a <UNK> from the microphone and they stop to fight )
jack : ow ! you broke my dental plate ! ( jack is touching his dental plate while morty reaches in jack 's pocket to get the pen ) doris ! he broke my dental plate . you <UNK> ! i 'm gon na <UNK> you . ( he leaves the table and morty follows him and continue arguing with him . jerry now have the microphone in his hands and the crowd begins to think the ceremony is over . )
helen : jerry , do your act .
jerry : ( in the microphone , but to helen ) i ca n't . nobody 's even listening .
helen : they 're all gon na leave .
jerry : ( to himself ) oh god ! ( in the microphone ) huh ... hey ! how you folks doing tonight ? ( everybody in the crowd is talking over jerry )
man in the crowd : who are you ?
jerry : ( still with his sunglasses ) have you ever noticed how they always give you the <UNK> on the <UNK> ?
woman in the crowd : ( to <UNK> jerry ) not my harry . he flies first class .
( elaine is almost asleep at the table )
jerry : who ever thought the first thing somebody wants on a plane is a peanut ?
man in the crowd : i 'd rather have a bottle of scotch !
helen : ( to jerry ) do the dog routine .
jerry : all i said was i liked the pen !
elaine : ( wakes up and yells very loud ) stella !
( everybody stops talking and put their hands on their ears )
( scene ends )


[ setting : condo , morning ]
( elaine is sitting on the couch and a chiro is <UNK> her . jerry 's sitting next to her . helen is standing beside them and morty is still asleep in the guest room )
chiropractor : you could <UNK> . i would n't go anywhere for at least five days .
elaine : five days ? you want me to stay here for five more days ?
jerry : there must be some mistake .
chiropractor : i 'm afraid not .
elaine : ( <UNK> ) five days . here .
helen : ( to jerry , happily ) so we have you for five more days !
jerry : ( to elaine ) well there 's really no point in me staying . i mean you just gon na be ...
elaine : excuse me ?
jerry : nothing .
( evelyn enters )
evelyn : good morning .
jerry : hi evelyn .
evelyn : ( to helen ) has morty decided on a lawyer yet ?
helen : i do n't think so .
evelyn : because my <UNK> <UNK> could do it . he 's a brilliant lawyer . he says jack has no case .
helen : i 'll ask him when he gets up .
evelyn : oh , and i spoke to arnold . and he says that according to the <UNK> of the condo constitution , they need six votes to throw you out for <UNK> behavior . not five . doctor <UNK> is the one you 'll have to <UNK> up to .
( morty gets up in a bad shape )
morty : aw ! aw ! oh my back ! oh my back ! it 's that bar . who the hell could sleep on that thing ?
helen : i was very comfortable .
evelyn : morty , arnold says they need six votes to throw you out .
helen : it 's in the constitution .
morty : ( to the chiro ) who are you ?
chiropractor : i 'm a chiropractor .
morty : what are you kidding me ?
elaine : ( to jerry ) five more days ?
jerry : well today 's almost over . and <UNK> always go by fast . friday we 're leaving . it 's like two days really . it 's like a cup of coffee . it will go by like that . ( snapping his fingers )
( scene ends )
[ setting : night club , closing monologue ]
is florida not hot and <UNK> enough for these people ? they love heat . i mean if they ever decide to land men on the sun , i think these old retired guys would be the only ones that will be able to handle it . they 'll just sit there on the sun , on the <UNK> <UNK> , washcloth on the head going : `` close the door , you 're letting all the heat off the sun . i 'm trying to get a sweat going . ''
( end of the show )
opening monologue .
so i 'm on the plane , we left late . pilot says we 're going to be making up some time in the air . i thought , well is n't that interesting . we 'll just make up time . that 's why you have to <UNK> your watch when you land . of course , when they say they 're making up time , obviously they 're <UNK> the <UNK> of the <UNK> . now , my question is if you can go faster , why do n't you just go as fast as you can all the time ? c'mon , there 's no cops up here , <UNK> it . give it some gas ! we 're flying ! new scene . jerry is on an airplane , seated beside a <UNK> ( and <UNK> ) man .
gavin : <UNK> , of course , is the best education . do you know last year i was in over forty , forty-five countries , and i would have gone to more but i had just got a <UNK> , and he was too young to take with me . but now i wo n't travel without him .
jerry : is he on the plane now ?
gavin : oh yes . yes , he 's in the , he 's in the <UNK> compartment . i don't know why they wo n't let him sit up here with me . he 's a lot better <UNK> than most of the <UNK> you find <UNK> here . do you , do you have any <UNK> ?
jerry : uh , just my next door neighbor .
gavin : you 're missing out on a relationship that could <UNK> your life in ways that you never could have thought possible .
jerry : howbout picking up their , you know . you find that <UNK> ?
gavin leans back in his seat wearing a <UNK> expression .
jerry : what 's the matter ?
gavin : oh , i 'm feeling a bit <UNK> . cut to <UNK> shot of the plane in flight , then back into the <UNK> where flight <UNK> are <UNK> to gavin , who is lying on the floor . attendant # 1 : sir , we 're gon na make an emergency landing in chicago and get you to a hospital .
gavin : my dog . what about my dog ?
attendant # 1 : uh , you have a dog ?
attendant # 2 : do you know anyone on the plane , mr. palone ?
jerry stares out the window .
gavin : jerry ?
jerry : huh ? how you feeling ?
gavin : would you take care of farfel ?
jerry : farfel ?
attendant # 2 : it 's his dog . we 're landing in chicago to get him to a hospital , could you take his dog to new york ?
jerry : the dog ? the dog ? ?
gavin : i 'm sure it 's only for a day or two .
jerry : but , you know , what if , you know ?
gavin : give me your address and phone number , i 'll call you .
jerry : the dog ? new scene . jerry 's apartment , he 's got all of his furniture up and there 's a loud <UNK> barking coming from the bedroom . jerry and farfel are playing 'tug of war ' with one of jerry 's sneakers . elaine is in the kitchen .
jerry : let go , farfel ! let go , gim me that ! gim me the sneaker you stupid idiot ! shut up ! ( to elaine ) so what would you do ?
elaine : well it 's only been three days , i 'm sure he 's gon na call .
jerry ( to farfel ) : stop it ! shut <UNK> ! ! ! ( to elaine ) do you believe this ? do you believe what i 'm dealing with here , i 've got a wild animal in the house ! he 's <UNK> , maybe he 's got <UNK> . i can get <UNK> .
elaine : if only .
jerry : look at this place . he 's going everywhere , i ca n't go out of the house at night . i have n't <UNK> in three days . this 'll be my first night out of the house since i got back .
elaine : hey , when you walk him , do ya ...
jerry : do i what ?
elaine : do you pick it up ?
jerry : yes , i pick it up .
elaine : you pick it up ? ! ?
jerry : well you have to .
elaine : oh , boy would i love to see that .
jerry : shut up ! ! shut up farfel , stop it ! ( to elaine ) i do n't know what to do . i mean what if i take it to the pound then the guy shows up ?
elaine : maybe you should call the airline , they might know where he is .
jerry : no , i tried . they do n't know anything . ( notices elaine making egg <UNK> ) you got ta put the syrup in first .
elaine : no , <UNK> .
jerry : i 'm telling you the guy 's a drunk , he 's probably on a bender .
elaine : what is a bender <UNK> ?
jerry : i do n't know , they drink and they bend things at the bar .
elaine : i ca n't believe he has n't called .
jerry : two hundred seats on a plane , i got ta wind up next to <UNK> jack and his dog <UNK> . shut up ! one more day and you are pound bound !
kramer enters .
kramer : sorry , i ca n't watch the dog tonight .
jerry : why ?
elaine : we 're going to the movies , we 're gon na see prognosis negative .
kramer : i ca n't , i got ta get this ellen out of my life .
jerry : you 're breaking up ?
kramer : oh ho ho ho yeah , the sooner the better . i ca n't wait to do it . you know how there 's some people you worry about whether you 're going to hurt their feelings ? with her , i 'm looking forward to it . i 'd like to get it on video , watch it in slow motion and freeze frame it . oh ho , yeah .
elaine : kramer , i do n't know how you <UNK> as long as you did .
kramer : woah , you did n't like her ?
elaine : if you could see her personality it would be like one of the <UNK> man <UNK> , you know where they pull off the <UNK> and everyone gasps .
jerry : i ca n't believe someone has n't killed her yet .
kramer : how come you never said anything ?
jerry : you ca n't tell someone how you feel about their girlfriend until after they stop seeing them .
kramer : i tell you .
jerry : you . i 'm talking about people .
elaine : are we still going to the movies tonight ?
jerry : no , i ca n't i got ta watch farfel , you and george can go without me .
elaine : just me and george ?
jerry : sure .
elaine : but we need you .
jerry : what do you need me for ?
jerry 's buzzer buzzes .
elaine : because ... yeah ?
george : prognosis negative !
elaine buzzes george into the building .
elaine : because i relate to george through you , we 're like <UNK> . besides , you said we were gon na see prognosis negative together . ca n't you just put some <UNK> down or something ?
jerry : no , i ca n't trust him , he gets insane . i wo n't enjoy myself . that's right , farfel , i 'm talking about you !
elaine : just me and george alone ?
george enters .
george : let 's go , people , let 's go ! it 's prognosis negative time , wa ha ha ha ! ! !
jerry : i ca n't go .
george : ca n't go , why not ?
jerry : because i have to watch idiot farfel .
george : i thought kramer was watching .
jerry : he 's breaking up with his girlfriend tonight .
george : well so what 's the problem , you just put some newspaper down .
jerry : no , i do n't want that smell in the house .
george : you <UNK> a little <UNK> on it .
jerry : no , it 's like <UNK> and cologne , they combine forces into some kind of strange mutant <UNK> .
george : so we 're not going ?
jerry : nah . you two go .
george : oh . you still wan na go ?
elaine : do you ?
george : if you want .
elaine : it 's up to you .
jerry : go ahead .
elaine : well , it 's , i really wanted to see prognosis negative with jerry , uh , you wan na see ponce de leon ?
george : ponce de leon ? okay . ( to jerry ) you sure you do n't wan na go ?
jerry : i want to but i ca n't .
elaine : oh ! i tell you what . how about if i come back here first and i clean everything up and i open up the windows and if you 're still not <UNK> we can switch apartments for the night .
jerry : no .
george : what about this --
jerry : forget it . go ahead , you 'll have a good time .
elaine : i know , it 's not that .
george : it 's just we want you to go .
jerry : well , thank you very much . i 'm telling you , one more day <UNK> ! on my block , a lot of people walk their dogs , and i always see them walking along with their little poop bags , which to me is just the <UNK> function of human life . if aliens are watching this through <UNK> , they 're gon na think the dogs are the <UNK> . if you see two life <UNK> , one of them 's making a poop , the other one 's carrying it for him , who would you assume was in charge ? new scene . george and elaine are at the coffee shop after seeing ponce de leon . they're obviously uncomfortable alone together .
george : so how long did you live there ?
elaine : about three years .
george : that 's pretty long .
elaine : hmm .
george : it 's not that long , really .
elaine : yeah . an uncomfortable silence <UNK> . they both speak at the same time , then stop . another silence .
george : and then you came here .
elaine : yeah . so i 've been here about six years .
george ( counting on his fingers ) : <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> ... yup . new scene . jerry <UNK> farfel , part ii
jerry : bad dog ! bad dog ! you go outside ! outside ! ! what do you want from me ? tell me ! money , you want money ? i 'll give you money , how much ? ! new scene . kramer is breaking up with his girlfriend .
kramer : i must have been out of my mind . look at you . why do n't you do something with your life ? sit around here all day , you contribute nothing to society . you 're just taking up space . how could i be with someone like you ? could n't respect myself .

new scene . monk 's , elaine and george are as bored as before .
george : i like <UNK> tea .
elaine <UNK> .
george : <UNK> 's good . lemon lift . <UNK> pleasure .
elaine : jerry likes morning thunder .
george : jerry drinks morning thunder ?
elaine : yeah .
george : morning thunder has caffeine in it , jerry does n't drink caffeine .
elaine : jerry does n't know morning thunder has caffeine in it .
george : you do n't tell him ?
elaine ( laughing ) : no . and you should see him , man , he gets all <UNK> , he does n't even know why , he loves it ! he walks around , going , `` god , i feel great ! ''
george ( laughing ) : you do n't tell him ?
elaine : no .
george : that is so funny !
elaine : i know !
george : wait , have you ever seen him throw up ? !
they both make the same <UNK> gestures together and break out in more laughter . new scene . kramer has had a change of heart .
kramer : please ! please ! ! i take it all back , everything ! i take it all back , every word ! i love you ! i love * you * ! i ca n't live without you , i 'll do anything ! new scene . jerry 's at his apartment , on the phone , farfel is barking .
jerry : that 's right , gavin palone . what ? are you sure ? he was released on monday ? * last * monday ? did he leave a phone number or address ? unbelievable . well thank you , thanks , thanks very much . ( hangs up ) that 's it , farfel ! party 's over ! start packing up your little squeeze toys buddy boy , you're checking out ! new scene . jerry and elaine are cleaning jerry 's apartment .
elaine : it was weird because george and i get along so great in so many situations but this is the first time we ever really went one-on-one .
jerry : oh , one-on-one 's a whole different game . ca n't pass off .
elaine : the only time it was n't uncomfortable was when we were making fun of you .
jerry ( answering phone ) hello ? aha ! boy george , about time . beautiful , how soon ? okay , here 's the plan . we take the dog to the pound , we go right to the movies . right , you , me and elaine . yes , all three of us . i am going . okay , see you in five minutes .
jerry hangs up the phone and begins singing and dancing .
jerry : going to the dog pound , everybody ! going to the dog pound , come on down . ( to elaine ) what ?
elaine : do you have to ?
jerry : what am i supposed to do ? i do n't want to do it . i like dogs . i 'm not sure this is a dog .
elaine : you know , the guy might have just lost your number .
jerry : i 'm in the book and i have a machine .
elaine : jerry , do you know what they do to dogs at the pound ? they keep them there for a week and then if nobody <UNK> them , they kill them .
jerry : really ? how late are they open ?
kramer enters .
jerry : what ?
elaine : what is it ?
kramer : i went back with ellen .
jerry and elaine : <UNK> , that 's great .
elaine : terrific .
jerry : yeah , i really think you guys are good together .
elaine : yes , she understands you and she is not demanding .
kramer : do you think that i forgot what you two said about her ?
jerry : i was just trying to be <UNK> , you know . i knew you were upset .
kramer : from now on when we pass each other in the hall , i do n't know you , you do n't know me .
elaine : oh , kramer , we did n't mean it .
jerry : what are you doing ?
kramer : i 'm getting my pot .
kramer grabs a put from under the counter and walks out .
elaine : kramer , we like her .
jerry : kramer ? what did we say that 's so bad ?
elaine : i believe i <UNK> to her personality as a potential science <UNK> .
jerry : i said , `` how come no one 's killed her ? '' probably should n't have said anything , everyone knows the first <UNK> never takes . ( answers buzzer ) yeah ?
george : prognosis negative !
farfel begins barking .
jerry : okay , farfel , put your shoes on .
elaine : jerry , ca n't you just give it one more day , it 's not his fault .
jerry : it 's not my dog , i do n't know where this <UNK> is .
elaine : alright , i tell you what . how about if you and george go to the movies , and i stay here and watch the dog tonight .
jerry : i ca n't let you do that , what about prognosis negative ?
elaine : we 'll see it sunday .
george enters .
george : tonight 's the night , right ? prognosis negative ?
elaine : i 'm not going , i 'm gon na watch the dog .
george : what does this mean ?
jerry : well , we 'll go see something else tonight . we 'll see , uh , ponce de leon .
george : what is with this dog , i thought we were taking it to the pound .
jerry : she talked me into one more day . talk <UNK> yourselves , i 'm gon na go to the bathroom .
george : uh jerry , how long will you be in there ?
jerry : i do n't know , regular human time ?
george : uh why do n't you wait then go in the movies ?
jerry : why should n't i go here ?
elaine : well , you know , i mean , sometimes it 's good to get there and make sure you get your seats and then go to the bathroom .
george : and is n't it more fun using the <UNK> ?
elaine : yeah .
jerry : oh yeah , urinals are fun . can i go ? !
george : hey , go .
elaine : who 's stopping you ?
george : what , are you doing me a favor ?
elaine : like we care if you go to the bathroom .
elaine and george , left alone together are obviously uncomfortable .
george : how 's it going ?
elaine : good . good . you ?
george : things are good .
after a pause , george starts <UNK> , then picks a chew <UNK> off the floor and <UNK> it towards elaine , making a <UNK> sound .
elaine : boy , he takes such a long time .
george : i know .
elaine : you know what he does in there ? he gargles .
george : jerry gargles ? is that why he takes so long ?
elaine : yeah , he does it like six times a day .
george : how come we never hear him ?
elaine : because he does it quiet . he does it quiet . lookit , just like this , watch .
elaine gargles some water and they both break out in laughter .
george : wait , wait , did you ever see him throw up ? !
elaine : we talked about that already .
george : oh . new scene . jerry and george are in line outside the <UNK> <UNK> theater .
george : i have nothing to say to anybody . i 'm so <UNK> . i think i'm out of conversation .
jerry : so what are calling me six times a day ?
george : all i know about is sports . that 's it . no matter how depressed i get , i could always read the sports section .
jerry : i could read the sports section if my hair was on fire .
george : know what ? ponce de leon is sold out .
jerry : it is ? oh yeah , you 're right . what else is playing ?
george : nothing except prognosis negative .
jerry : boy , i know she really wants to see that with me . new scene . elaine and farfel are playing 'tug of war ' with a jacket .
elaine : gim me the jacket , <UNK> , this is not seinfeld you 're dealing with ! when i get through with you , you 'll be begging to go to the pound !
the phone rings , farfel begins barking .
elaine : shut up . shut up ! ( answers phone ) hello ? no , who 's calling ? oh my god , the dog guy . where have * you * been ? yeah , well you better pick up your dog tonight or he has <UNK> his last leg .
cut back to jerry and george .
george : i mean , i could understand if there was something else playing , but it 's this or nothing .
jerry : i do n't know what to do .
george : what is this <UNK> movies ' thing ? something 's playing , you go .
jerry : i know , i know .
george : so , what ? we 're gon na do nothing now , this is crazy .
jerry : it is kind of <UNK> .
george : of course it is .
jerry : i mean , it 's just a movie , for god 's <UNK> .
george : exactly .
jerry : it 's not like she 's * in * the movie .
george : right .
jerry : am i supposed to ruin the whole night because she wants to see it ? i mean , if i could have seen it with her , fine . but i ca n't control all these circumstances and <UNK> and <UNK> ' <UNK> at movies .
george : and she 'll still see it , you 're not stopping her from seeing it .
jerry : how does sitting next to a person in a movie theater <UNK> the level of <UNK> ? you ca n't talk during a movie . you know , this is stupid , c'mon , let 's just go .
george : good .
jerry : saving movies .
george : ridiculous !
jerry : two for prognosis negative . i 'm in trouble .
george : oh , you 're dead . new scene . jerry 's apartment , gavin has come to collect his dog . farfel is barking as loud as ever .
gavin : bell 's palsy . the entire side of my , of , of my face was <UNK> . farfel ! i could n't , i could n't , i could n't even feed myself , i was completely <UNK> . quiet farfel !
jerry : you know it 's interesting , because i called the hospital and they said you were released on monday .
gavin : yes , yes , that 's true , but then i was taken to the bell 's palsy center in , in , in , in <UNK> . absolutely first <UNK> <UNK> , top <UNK> <UNK> .
kramer : hey , c'mon , c'mon , get off me !
gavin : he wo n't hurt you , he 's just playing .
kramer : hey you keep that mutt away from me .
gavin : mutt ? i 'll <UNK> his parents are more pure than yours .
ellen : kramer , are you coming ?
jerry : oh , hi ellen .
ellen : get in here .
kramer <UNK> off .
jerry : listen , it 's really been a pleasure taking care of your dog for a week , but if you do n't mind ...
gavin : <UNK> . you 'll be calling me to ask if you can come and visit him before the month is out .
jerry : <UNK> . i never see you or him again for the rest of my life .
farfel <UNK> very <UNK> and pulls gavin into the hallway and out of jerry's apartment . new scene . jerry and elaine at in jerry 's apartment .
elaine : we made plans .
jerry : why do n't we just rent a movie ?
elaine : i thought you wanted to see prognosis negative .
jerry : no , it 's supposed to be really bad , * really * bad . i mean it 's long , there 's no story , it 's so <UNK> boring , i heard .
elaine : jerry , you promised me we 'd go .
jerry : well , george told me the whole story , line for line , i mean i almost feel like i 've seen it already and walked out on it .
elaine : wait , george saw the movie ? i saw him yesterday , he did n't mention it .
jerry : you and george got together ?
elaine : yeah , i wanted to talk about how we have nothing to talk about .
kramer enters .
jerry : hello .
kramer , hi , hi , hi , hi , hi .
jerry : what 's up ?
kramer : well , you were right .
jerry : about what ?
kramer : ellen . we , uh , broke up again .
jerry and elaine , together : <UNK> .
jerry : too bad .
elaine : i thought she was the one .
kramer : i 'll bring back the pot .
elaine : okay , c'mon it 's movie time .
kramer : hey , what are you gon na see ?
jerry : prognosis negative .
kramer : hey , that 's supposed to be great .
jerry : it 's not .
kramer : how do you know ?
jerry : i have an <UNK> for these things . closing monologue .
i had a parakeet when i was a kid , that was the only pet that i really enjoyed . we used to let him out of his cage , and he would fly around and my mother had built , one entire wall of our living room was <UNK> . she felt this gives you a feeling of space . have you ever heard this <UNK> design <UNK> that a mirror makes it seem like you have an entire other room ? what kind of a jerk walks up to a mirror and goes , `` hey look , there 's a whole <UNK> room in there . there 's a guy in there looks just like me . '' but the parakeet will fall for this , you 'll let him out of his cage , he flies around the room , bang ! with his little head , he would just go <UNK> ' ohh ! and i 'd always think , even if he thinks the mirror is another room , why does n't he at least try to avoid hitting the other parakeet ?
jerry 's apartment
jerry : let me speak with the head librarian . ... because it 's absurd . an overdue book
from 1971 ? ... this is a joke right ? what are you ? from a <UNK> station ?
kramer : enters
jerry : ya ' got me i fell for it . alright , ok i can be down there in like a half hour .
bye .
kramer : what 's the problem ?
jerry : this you 're not goin ' to believe . the <UNK> says that i took out tropic of cancer
in 1971 and never returned it .
kramer : do you know how much that comes to ? that 's a nickel a day for 20 years . it 's
going to be $ <UNK>
jerry : it does n't work like that .
kramer : if it 's a <UNK> a day it could be $ <UNK>
jerry : it 's not going to be anything . i returned the book . i remember it very <UNK>
because i was with sherry becker . she <UNK> this orange dress . it was the first time i
ever saw her in a dress like that . in <UNK> since ninth <UNK> she was <UNK> this
body in secret under these loose clothes for like two years . and then one day ...
flashback < to a beautiful <UNK> young <UNK> in an orange dress >
jerry : that orange dress is <UNK> in my memory
kramer : oh , memory <UNK> .
jerry : i wonder what ever happened to her .
kramer : how did they ever find you ?
jerry : oh , <UNK> , they 're cracking down now on overdue books . the whole thing is
completely ridiculous .
< buzzer >
jerry : it 's george . wait 'til he hears we 're going to the library
kramer : you know i never got a library card .
jerry : < to speaker > coming down .
kramer : it 's all a bunch of <UNK> in there anyway . people sitting around reading
the newspaper attached to huge <UNK> sticks trying to save a quarter , ooh ,
jerry : i got ta go to the library . you want to go ?
kramer : yeah ,
library
kramer : the dewey <UNK> system , what a scam that was . boy that dewey guy really cleaned
up on that deal .
jerry : where 's george
reader : shhh .
kramer : tryin ' to save a quarter .
jerry : i kinda like those sticks . i 'd like to get them for my house .
turning to library counter
jerry : this woman 's completely ignoring me .
kramer : look at her . this is a <UNK> woman looking for <UNK> .. ... <UNK> . ...
maybe a <UNK> . ... maybe she got hurt a long time ago . she was a <UNK> . there was
a boy it did n't work out . now she needs a little <UNK> . she needs a little <UNK> .
she needs a little kramer .
jerry : eventually a little shot of <UNK>
librarian : yes ?
jerry : yes i called before . i got his notice in the mail .
librarian : oh , tropic of cancer , henry miller , uh , this case has been turned over to our
library investigation officer mr. bookman .
kramer : bookman ? the library <UNK> 's name is actually , bookman ?
librarian : it 's true .
kramer : that 's amazing . that 's like an ice cream man named , <UNK> .
librarian : <UNK> bookman has been working here for 25 years so i think he 's heard all the jokes .
jerry : can i speak with this bookman ?
librarian : just a second .
george enters , frantically , <UNK> at jerry 's jacket
george : jerry ,
jerry : what ?
george : i think i saw him . i think it 's him .
jerry : who ?
george : did you see the <UNK> guy on the library steps screaming <UNK> and doing some
<UNK> routine
jerry : yeah .
kramer : yeah
george : i think that 's mr. hayman . ... the gym teacher from our high school .
reader : shhh .
jerry : < whispers > are you sure ?
george : he 's older , completely covered in filth , no <UNK> , but i think it 's him .
jerry : george got him fired . he <UNK> on him .
kramer : ooh tattle <UNK>
george : < yells > i did n't tattle
reader : shh shh
kramer : what did this guy do ? what happened ?
george : there was an incident . i 'd rather not <UNK> it .
kramer : oh come on , you can tell me .
george : some other time .
kramer : what tonight ?
librarian walks by
kramer : y'know i never figured you for a <UNK> .
jerry : oh , he <UNK> like a <UNK> .
librarian : mr. bookman 's not here .
jerry : not here ? why was i told to come down here ?
librarian : he 'll be out all afternoon on a case .
kramer : he 's out on a case ? he actually goes out on <UNK> ?
jerry : well what am i supposed to do now ?
librarian : i 'll have mr. bookman get in touch with you .
jerry : all right thanks . come on lets go
george : let 's see if it 's hayman ?
kramer : hey , uh , i 'll see you boys later . < turns to librarian > so uh , what 's a guy got to do
around here
to get a library card ?
pendant publishing offices
elaine : where 's <UNK> ?
secretary : she went to pick up lunch .
elaine : she did n't ask me what i wanted .
secretary : she must have forgot .
elaine : how could she forget i 've been <UNK> lunch every day here for 3 and a half years ?
is there something you 're not telling me because i 'm getting a really weird <UNK> .
is lippman getting rid of me ? it 's ok i wo n't say anything .
secretary : i do n't know anything .
elaine : ah , you do n't know anything . you see , `` i do n't know anything '' , means there 's
something to know . if you really did n't know anything you would have said `` you 're crazy . ''
lippman enters
elaine : oh , hi mr. lippman .
lippman : elaine ,
elaine : um , uh , i was wondering if you got a chance to look at that , um , biography of
columbus , i gave you ?
lippman : yes i did . yes i did . ... <UNK> this water is still too cold .
elaine : it 's freezing . ... hurts your teeth .
at monks
elaine : i 'm tellin ' ya ' somethin ' is goin ' on . he never likes anything i recommend .
and then that lunch thing .
jerry : so they forgot to get your lunch . big deal !
elaine : what do you know . you 've never worked in an office . < turns to george > see ,
you 've worked in an office . jerry thinks i 'm over <UNK> but you understand , ... lunch !
george : i do n't understand lunch , i do n't know anything about lunch . listen . just because
i got the guy fired does n't mean i turned him into a <UNK> - does it ?
elaine : what did he do ?
george : he <UNK> <UNK> my name . instead of saying , `` costanza '' he 'd say ,
`` ca n't stand ja '' .
`` ca n't stand ja '' ... he made me smell my own gym socks once .
jerry : i remember he made you wear a jock on your head for a whole class . and the <UNK>
were hangin ' down by his , ...
george : ok , ok , i never even had him for gym .
jerry : i had him for <UNK> . remember his teeth . it was like from an <UNK> <UNK> .
george : little baked beans
jerry : <UNK>
elaine : come on tell me what happened .
george : well , ok. as i said the guy had it in for me . he actually <UNK> me in gym .
... me !
flashback to high school locker room
george : ... those <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ...
heyman : ca n't stand ja ... ca n't stand ja
george : yes , mr. hayman
heyman : your underwear was stick'n out of your shorts during gym class .
george : well i guess that 's because i wear boxer shorts .
heyman : boxer shorts , ha ? well what brand ?
george : i 'm not really sure , i ...
heyman : well let 's take a look .
< george : gets a wedgie >

back to monk 's
george : he gave me a wedgie .
jerry : he got fired the next day .
elaine : why do they call it a wedgie ?
george : because the underwear is pulled up from the back and ... it <UNK> in ..
jerry : they also have an atomic wedgie . now the goal there is to actually get the
<UNK> on top of the head . very rare .
elaine : boys are sick .
jerry : well what do girls do ?
elaine : we just tease some one 'til they <UNK> an eating <UNK> .
guy who ruined his life .
kramer enters
kramer : hey <UNK> , you better get home . you know this guy bookman from the library
he 's waiting for ya .
===========================================================================
standup routine
what 's amazing to me about the library is it 's a place where you go in you can take
out any book you <UNK> they just give it to you and say bring it back when you 're done .
it <UNK> me of like this pathetic friend that <UNK> had when they were a little
kid who would let you borrow any of his stuff if you would just be his friend . that 's
what the library is . a <UNK> <UNK> pathetic friend . and that 's why everybody
kinds of <UNK> the library . i 'll bring it back on time ... i 'll bring it back late .
... oh , what are you going to do ? charge me a nickel ?
===========================================================================
jerry 's apartment
jerry : oh , i 'm glad you 're here , so we can get this all <UNK> out . would
you like a cup of tea ?
bookman : you got any coffee ?
jerry : coffee ?
bookman : yeah . coffee .
jerry : no , i do n't drink coffee .
bookman : yeah , you do n't drink coffee ? how about instant coffee ?
jerry : no , i do n't have --
bookman : you do n't have any instant coffee ?
jerry : well , i do n't <UNK> --
bookman : who does n't have instant coffee ?
jerry : i do n't .
bookman : you buy a <UNK> of <UNK> 's crystals , you put it in the <UNK> , you
forget about it . then later on when you need it , it 's there . it <UNK>
forever . it 's freeze-dried . freeze-dried crystals .
jerry : really ? i 'll have to remember that .
bookman : you took this book out in 1971 .
jerry : yes , and i returned it in 1971 .
bookman : yeah , <UNK> . that was my first year on the job . bad year for libraries .
bad year for america . <UNK> <UNK> library cards , <UNK> <UNK>
telling everybody to steal books . i do n't judge a man by the <UNK> of
his hair or the kind of music he listens to . <UNK> was never my bag . but
you put on a pair of shoes when you walk into the new york public
library , fella .
jerry : look , mr. bookman . i -- i returned that book . i remember it very
specifically .
bookman : you 're a comedian , you make people laugh .
jerry : i try .
bookman : you think this is all a big joke , do n't you ?
jerry : no , i do n't .
bookman : i saw you on t.v . once ; i remembered your name -- from my list . i looked
it up . sure enough , it checked out . you think because you 're a celebrity
that somehow the law does n't <UNK> to you , that you 're above the law ?
jerry : certainly not .
bookman : well , let me tell you something , funny boy . y'know that little stamp ,
the one that says `` new york public library '' ? well that may not mean
anything to you , but that means a lot to me . one whole hell of a lot .
sure , go ahead , laugh if you want to . i 've seen your type before :
<UNK> , making the scene , <UNK> <UNK> . yeah , i know what you 're
thinking . what 's this guy making such a big stink about old library
books ? well , let me give you a <UNK> , junior . maybe we can live without
libraries , people like you and me . maybe . sure , we 're too old to change
the world , but what about that kid , sitting down , opening a book , right
now , in a <UNK> at the <UNK> library and finding <UNK> of <UNK>
and <UNK> on the cat in the hat and the five chinese <UNK> ?
does n't he deserve better ? look . if you think this is about overdue
<UNK> and missing books , you 'd better think again . this is about that
kid 's right to read a book without getting his mind <UNK> ! or : maybe
that turns you on , seinfeld ; maybe that 's how <UNK> your <UNK> . you and
your <UNK> buddies . well i got a <UNK> for ya , <UNK> : party time
is over . <UNK> seven days , seinfeld . that is one week !
< marion <UNK> into kramer 's apartment behind bookman 's back as he opens jerry 's
door to leave >
kramer 's apartment
kramer : what 's wrong ?
marion : it 's bookman the library cop .
kramer : so i did n't do anything wrong .
marion : i 'm supposed to be <UNK> . i could get fired . i should n't have come here .
kramer : why do n't ya ' leave ?
marion : i ca n't .
jerry 's doorway
jerry : no way i 'm <UNK> ' that ! i returned that book i n 1971. i have a witness
sherry becker . she wore an orange dress . she gave me a piece of black jack gum .
it 's a licorice gum . what do ya ' think of next i remember it .
< thinks out loud , opens phone book > becker , ... becker , ...

in monks with sherry
sh : kevin went to a public school , he 's the 14 year old ? we were gon na ' send <UNK>
to a private school . cause in some way they do n't learn ... enough ... i think .
jerry : so sherry , what do you remember about that day at the library ?
sh : i remember it like it was yesterday . it was a friday afternoon . i wore a purple dress .
jerry : purple ? ya ' sure it was n't orange ?
sh : positive . and i was <UNK> ' dentyne . i always <UNK> dentyne . remember jerry ? dentyne ?
jerry : no black jack ?
sh : licorice gum ? never ! we were reading <UNK> to each other from that henry miller book ,
jerry : tropic of cancer .
sh : no , tropic of capricorn
jerry : tropic of capricorn ?
sh : <UNK> ? what holds the world <UNK> ' ... `` as i have <UNK> from bitter experience
is sexual intercourse . ''
jerry : wait a second . wait a second . you 're right . i had both of them .
we read from tropic of capricorn . i was all set to return tropic of cancer . and then ...
flashback to locker room
jerry : here 's the book . do n't let anybody see it . do n't let anything happen to it .
george : jerry , it 's me , george , do n't worry , i 'll return it
jerry : ok , i 'll see you after school . i.m late for hayman 's hygiene .
back to monks
sh : where ya ' going ?
jerry : it was nice seeing you again . i just remembered something . i 've got to go .
< to old man that enters >
it was george !
library
kramer : read another <UNK> .
marion : <UNK> chest <UNK> out west might be the <UNK> or a garden <UNK> .
kramer : wow , that is great . you should be <UNK> .
kramer : you know , the library is kind of a cool place when it 's closed .
marian : oh , yeah . you do n't have to be quiet . listen to the <UNK> : hello !
kramer : hello !
marian : hello !
kramer : hello !
marian : hello !
bookman ( <UNK> ) : hello !
marian ( turning , surprised ) : mr. bookman .
bookman : i remember when the librarian was a much older woman : <UNK> ,
<UNK> , <UNK> . we did n't know anything about her private life .
we did n't want to know anything about her private life . she did n't have
a private life . while you 're thinking about that , think about this : the
library closes at five o'clock , no <UNK> . this is your final
warning . got that , <UNK> ?

jerry 's apartment
< jerry in bedroom >
elaine : lippman want 's to see me in his office see me ! that ca n't be good
jerry : maybe you 're getting ' a raise .
< buzzer >
elaine : maybe i 'm getting ' a wedgie .
elaine : what ?
george : it 's george
elaine : george is on his way up .
jerry : wait 'til i tell him about the book .
kramer : < reading > <UNK>
elaine : are you ok ? what ? what ?
kramer : it 's marion 's poetry . i ca n't take it < leaves <UNK> >
elaine : remember that biography i <UNK> ? my boss hated it
< jerry enters > .
jerry : i 'm right here .
elaine : remember that columbus book ?
jerry : columbus , <UNK> <UNK> .
< george enters >
george : well , it 's <UNK> him .
elaine : him ? him who ?
george : him who ? hayman him .
elaine : hayman the gym teacher ? you found him ?
george : oh , i found him . he was sitting on the steps of the library . i sat down
next to him . he <UNK> like the locker room after that game against <UNK>
jerry : that was double <UNK> .
george : so i said , `` mr. hayman , it 's me george costanza , jfk , ... `` he does n't move .
so i said uh , `` ca n't stand ya ' '' , `` ca n't stand ya ' '' he turns and smiles , the little
baked bean teeth . i get up to run away , but something was holding me back . it was
heyman . he had my underwear . there i was on the steps of the <UNK> st. library ,
a grown man , getting a wedgie .
elaine : at least it was n't atomic .
george : it was .
jerry : so georgie boy , guess what happened to tropic of cancer
george : how should i know ?
jerry : because i gave it to you .
george : me ?
jerry : <UNK> , think . do n't you remember you kept begging me to see it then finally
i <UNK> . you were supposed to return it . i met you in the gym locker room .

george : the locker room !
the locker room
jerry : here 's the book . do n't let anybody see it . do n't let anything happen to it .
george : jerry , it 's me , george , do n't worry , i 'll return it tomorrow , no problem .
jerry : all right , i 'll see you after school . i.m late for hayman 's hygiene .
heyman : ca n't stand ya ' .
george : yes mr. hayman .
heyman : your underwear was stick'n out of your shorts during gym class .
george : well i guess that 's because i wear boxer shorts .
heyman : boxer shorts , ha ? well what brand ?
george : i 'm not really sure , i ...
heyman : well let 's take a look .
< george gets a wedgie and tropic of cancer falls on floor >
library
< jerry writes out a check for the <UNK> tropic of cancer and hands it to bookman >
jerry : anyway , i hope there 's no hard feelings .
bookman : hard feelings ? what do you know about hard feelings ? y'ever have a man
die in your arms ? y'ever kill somebody ?
jerry : what is your problem ?
bookman : what 's my problem ? <UNK> like you , that 's my problem . and you better not
<UNK> up again seinfeld , because if you do , i 'll be all over you like a
<UNK> on a <UNK> .
jerry : ( after bookman exits ) : that is one tough <UNK> ! < turns to elaine >
so you were saying ?
elaine : oh ? so , i took your <UNK> and i gave my boss marion 's <UNK> .
the ones that <UNK> kramer so much .
jerry : oh , beautiful did he like them ?
elaine : no , ... he did n't ! no , ... he did n't !
jerry : < to george > was he out there ?
george : na , he 's gone . i wonder what happened to him .
jerry : i guess we 'll never know .
some back alley
heyman : ca n't stand ya , < laughing > ca n't stand ya . < pan to tropic of cancer on ground >
<UNK>
stand up
it was a weird school day , you know what i mean because it kind of like started of kind
of normal . you have like english , <UNK> , social studies and then suddenly you 're like
in lord of the flies for <UNK> minutes you know you 're hangin ' from a rope . you have <UNK>
any clothes on . <UNK> are <UNK> ' at ya ' `` where 's your jock <UNK> ? '' ya ' know and kids
are <UNK> ' <UNK> balls at you . you 're tryin ' to <UNK> ... then its history ,
science , <UNK> . there 's something off in the entire <UNK> of that day .
<UNK>
- the end -
[ opening monologue . ]
there 's always that one location , one store location that 's constantly changing hands . everybody has this in their neighborhood , it 's a leather store , it 's a yogurt shop , it 's a pet <UNK> . it 's constantly changing and nobody can do business there . it 's like some sort of bermuda triangle of <UNK> , you know ? stores open up and then they just <UNK> without a <UNK> . nobody knows what happened to 'em . i guess eventually when like aliens land in mother ship of close <UNK> , bottom will slowly open and all these store owners will come wondering out in a <UNK> going ' i thought there would be more <UNK> traffic did n't you ? . '
[ george and jerry are standing outside in the street . across the street there is a restaurant called dream cafe . sign says grand opening . ]
george : she thinks i 'm a nice guy . women always think i 'm nice , but women do n't like nice .
jerry : this is amazing , i have n't seen one guy going in to that restaurant since it opened . poor guy .
george : why is nice bad ? what kind of sick society we are living in , when nice is bad ?
jerry : what 's that smell ? what are you wearing ?
george : little cologne .
jerry : <UNK> .
george : monica wants me to wear it .
jerry : so why did n't you say no ?
george : i 'm too nice .
jerry : poor guy . his family is probably in pakistan waiting him to send back money . this is <UNK> .
george : she wants me to take an iq test .
jerry : that 's because you 're stupid enough to wear the cologne .
george : no , she 's taking this course in education for her <UNK> . it 's part of her research <UNK> , i have to be a guinea pig .
jerry : i 've never been a guinea pig . i 've been a <UNK> , a <UNK> .
george : you know , i ca n't talk to you anymore .
jerry : all right , i 'm sorry . go ahead , you 're taking the iq test .
george : yeah , and she 's going to find i 'm a moron . you know , people think i 'm smart , but i 'm not smart .
jerry : who thinks you 're smart ?
george : i 'm not going to break a hundred in this thing .
jerry : what thing ?
george : you do n't listen when people talk to you anymore !
jerry : oh , the iq thing ... yeah .
george : i 'm sure i have a low iq . i 've been lying about my sat <UNK> for <UNK> years .
jerry : what did you get ?
george : what did i get or what do i say i got ?
jerry : what do you say ?
george : i say fourteen o nine ( 1409 ) .
jerry : 1409 , that 's a good score .
george : you 're telling me .
jerry : what did you really get ?
george : you are my friend .
jerry : of course .
george : i tell you everything , right ?
jerry : i hope so .
george : well , this i take to the <UNK> .
[ jerry 's apartment . jerry is watching dream cafe with binoculars and elaine is reading a newspaper . ]
jerry : he 's <UNK> mexican , italian , chinese . he 's all over the place . that 's why no one is going in .
elaine : why do you keep watching ?
jerry : i do n't know , i 'm <UNK> with it . it 's like a spider in the toilet struggling for a <UNK> . and even if you know it 's not going to make it , you kind of root it for awhile .
elaine : and then you <UNK> .
jerry : well , it 's a spider .
elaine : you know , sometimes people wo n't go in to a place , if they do n't see anyone else in there .
[ jerry pulls his sweater over his nose . ]
elaine : you have to do that ? jerry , do n't do that , that is so annoying .
jerry : bazooka joe .
[ buzzer rings and jerry looks at elaine who is closer to the door . ]
jerry : the buzzer .
elaine : it 's your house .
jerry : my house ? you have to be on the <UNK> to <UNK> to buzzer . yeah ?
intercom : it 's george .
jerry : come on up .
elaine : casus belli .
jerry : what 's that ?
elaine : it 's latin . i read it in some book . i do n't know , i just wanted to say it out loud .
jerry : go in , go in !
elaine : have you gone in there ?
jerry : no , i 'm afraid if we start talking , i 'm gon na wind up going <UNK> with him .
[ george enters . he 's got some <UNK> and big sat book . ]
george : hi .
jerry : you know , i could probably shoot him from here . i 'd be doing us both a favor .
[ elaine <UNK> around . ]
george : i 'm wearing some cologne , all right ?
elaine : sure , fine .
jerry : casus belli .
elaine : casus belli .
george : what 's that ?
elaine : since when do you wear cologne ?
george : why what i do is so important ? why must i be always the vocal point of attention ? let me just be , let me live .
jerry : hey , how did you do on that iq test ?
george : i did n't take it yet .
elaine : what iq test ?
george : what 's casus belli .
jerry : oh , it 's nothing ...
george : is it about me ?
jerry : why must you always be the vocal point of attention ? why ca n't you just be ? why ca n't you live ?
elaine : it 's just a latin <UNK> george , it does not mean anything . now , what is this test ?
jerry : this woman he 's dating is making him to take this iq test for this course .
elaine : oh , that sounds like fun .
george : yeah , fun . iq tests are totally bogus . they prove nothing .
elaine : you 'll do well , you 're smart .
jerry : no see , he 's not smart . people think he 's smart , but he 's not .
elaine : what did you get on your sat 's ?
george : it <UNK> .
jerry : you know , i do n't even know my iq .
elaine : mine 's 145 .
george : 145 !
jerry : get out of here !
elaine : you get out of here !
jerry : you get out of here !
george : you should take the test for me .
jerry : well , that would be something , cheating on a iq test . hey , remember in college when you passed <UNK> the test out the window ? you became a <UNK> after that .
george : yeah , yeah i really had some guts back then . why would n't we do that again ?
elaine : what ?
george : you could take the iq test for me . i could pass it to you out the window . we could do it , she lives in the first floor .
elaine : are you serious ?
george : why not ?
elaine : where would i take the test ?
george : i do n't know , she lives right around the corner . take it here or go to the coffee shop .
elaine : no , that would be too <UNK> .
jerry : take it to dream cafe , you wo n't hear a peep .
elaine : hey , what do you think ?
jerry : hey , i love a good caper .
elaine : yeah , that 's what is is , a caper .
george : you 'll do it ?
elaine : what the hey .
george : <UNK> , beautiful ... [ they try to hit a high five , but george hits elaine in the forehead . ] sorry ...
[ dream cafe . jerry comes in . ]
babu bhatt : welcome to the dream cafe .
jerry : well , i 've been looking forward to it .
babu : oh , how did you hear about us ?
jerry : eh , people , people are talking .
babu : smoking or non smoking ? we are proud to offer both .
jerry : non smoking would be great .
babu : very good . my name is babu bhatt , i will be your waiter . a steaming hot face cloth for your pleasure .
jerry : thank you . [ throws the towel around like a hot potato . ]
babu : our specials are <UNK> , <UNK> and franks and beans .
jerry : well , what do you recommend my good fellow ?
babu : oh , the turkey .
jerry : oh , the turkey it 'll be . and may i say you have a <UNK> establishment here , my friend . i 'm sure you <UNK> in this location for many many years .
babu : you 're a very kind man . very kind , thank you . very kind ...
jerry thinks : very kind . i am a kind man . who else would do something like this ? nobody . nobody thinks about people like i do . all right , snap out of it you stupid jerk . you 're eating a turkey sandwich . what do want , a <UNK> <UNK> ?
[ george is taking a test at monica 's bedroom . ]
george : you go in the living room . i 'll take the test in here .
monica : but why ?
george : i ca n't concentrate in front of you .
monica : oh , i think you 're making too much of this . iq tests do n't mean anything .
george : are you kidding me ? this is the best <UNK> we have today of <UNK> a <UNK> <UNK> .
monica : well , i certainly do n't place any importance on it .
george : well , i think you 're wrong about that . and now if you would excuse me , i would like to get started please .
monica : good luck .
george : do n't need it .
[ monica leaves and george runs to the window where elaine is waiting . ]
elaine : what 's been going on in there ? i 've been standing here for 20 minutes .
george : i 'm sorry i 'm sorry , here 's the test . thanks again for doing this .
elaine : all right , what time do you want me back here .
george : eh , twenty to three .
elaine : ok .
george : thanks again .
elaine : all right .
george : and do n't settle for 145 , you can do better , you 're a genius .
[ jerry is eating at the dream cafe . babu <UNK> the water for jerry . ]
jerry : thank you babu . you have quite a <UNK> . you are quite the restaurateur i must say .
babu : it is in deed my pleasure .
jerry : oh , please ...
[ elaine comes in . ]
babu : oh , welcome to the dream cafe . our specials today ...
elaine : oh , no no i 'll just have a tea and toast .
babu : tea and toast .
jerry : eat something ! babu ...
elaine : um , ok , i 'll have the <UNK> .
babu : oh , very good choice . very good .
[ elaine is opening an envelope and is very excited . ]
jerry : oh wow , so you got the test . you 're cheating .
elaine : i know .
[ kramer comes in . ]
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : oh boy . jerry let me ask you something , hi elaine ...
elaine : hey .
kramer : this guy leaves this jacket at my mothers house two years ago . now , she has n't spoken to him since and now he says he wants the jacket back .
jerry : so ?
kramer : well , i 'm not giving it back .
jerry : why not ?
kramer : because i <UNK> a lot of women in this jacket , you know they 're attracted to it . why do you think my mother went out with him ?
[ kramer takes some <UNK> and <UNK> some to elaine 's test . ]
kramer : oh , <UNK> ...
elaine : yeah , ok ... [ takes the test and goes to another table . ]
kramer : anyway , it 's been two years . i mean is n't there like statue of limitations on that ?
jerry : statute .
kramer : what ?
jerry : statute of limitations . it 's not a statue .
kramer : no , statue .
jerry : fine , it 's a <UNK> of limitations .
kramer : just wait a minute ... elaine , elaine ! now you 're smart , is it statue or statute of limitations ?
elaine : statute .
kramer : oh , i really think you 're wrong .
elaine : look , kramer , i have to take this test ok , i do n't have a long of time .
kramer : what test ?
elaine : an iq test .
kramer : why do you take an iq test ?
elaine : it 's for george .
kramer : george ?
elaine : yeah , can i ... can i explain it to you later ?
kramer : why are you taking an iq test for george ?
elaine : would you please ? !
kramer : what , is it for a job or something ?
elaine : later !
kramer : you 're positive it 's statute ?
elaine : yes , yes !
babu : welcome , welcome . a steaming hot face cloth ... [ gives kramer a hot towel and kramer screams and falls from his chair . ]
[ monica 's . george is reading a new <UNK> on the bed and monica is trying to get in . the door is locked . ]
monica : george ?
george : yeah ?
monica : the door is locked .
george : oh , it 's locked ?
monica : i need to get something .
george : monica , i 'm really focused here , this stuff 's a <UNK> .
monica : george !
george : wish i could .
[ dream cafe . babu is singing and elaine gets distracted . ]
babu : <UNK> , <UNK> ....
elaine : babu ! if you do n't mind ?
[ babu comes to collect dishes from elaine 's table and knocks down a cup of coffee . ]
elaine : oh my god ! it 's all over the test !
babu : oh , i 'm <UNK> sorry .
elaine : oh man ! look at this ... and i 'm late anyway .
babu : please , forgive me , please ...
jerry : go ahead , i 'll take care of it .
babu : i 'm very sorry . tell your friends !
jerry : it 's all right , she was cheating anyway .
babu : you 're a very kind man .
jerry : babu , you 're pakistani ?
babu : yes , pakistani , yes .
jerry : babu , may i say something ?
babu : of course , you 're a very smart man , i 'll listen .
jerry : i 'm not a restaurateur by any means , but it <UNK> to me that perhaps you might serve some dishes from your native pakistan ? as <UNK> to franks and beans for example .
babu : but there are no pakistani people here .
jerry : does n't matter . you would have the only <UNK> pakistani restaurant in the whole neighborhood .
babu : yes , you see everything , do n't you ?
jerry : well , not everything . i do what i can .
babu : i 'll close down today and when i open again it 'll be whole pakistani restaurant . thank you , thank you very much , you 're very special person , very special .
[ babu leaves ]
jerry thinking : i am such a great guy . who else would 've gone through the trouble of helping this poor immigrant ? i am special . my mother was right . of course i 've never had pakistani food . how bad it could be ?
[ elaine is giving the test back to george . ]
elaine : it was an accident .
george : what did you go on a picnic ?
elaine : babu bhatt did it .
george : babu bhatt ? how i 'm going to explain this ?
monica : time 's up george .
george : ok. [ george opens the door . ] here you go .
monica : how did you do ?
george : piece of cake .
monica : what happened to the test ?
george : what ? i <UNK> some food on it .
monica : food ? what food ?
george : what are you talking about ?
monica : where did you get food ?
george : from my pocket .
monica : what ?
george : i eh , i had a sandwich in my pocket .
monica : and coffee ?
george : yeah , had some coffee , yeah .
monica : where did you get the coffee ?
george : where did i get the coffee ? where do think i got the coffee , from the grocery store .
monica : how did you get there ?
george : i walked .
monica : how did you get out of the apartment ? i did n't see you leave .
george : i climbed out the window .
monica : you climbed out the window ?
george : of course .
monica : why did n't you go out the door ?
george : the door ? why would i go out the door ? the window is right here .
monica : you are a <UNK> man , george costanza .
[ jerry 's apartment , jerry and elaine . jerry is looking dream cafe with binoculars . there 's a sign on the window : closed for <UNK> . ]
jerry : most people in a situation like this , they walk right by it . not me .
elaine : you 're very special .
[ kramer enters . ]
kramer : hey , do me a favor . if some guy comes in looking for me , tell him you do n't know where i am .
jerry : of course , i always do .
kramer : no , no it 's that guy . he 's really been <UNK> me about the jacket .
elaine : just give it back to him .
kramer : oh , he 'll have to kill me . [ leaves . ]
[ jerry sees george from the window . ]
jerry : hey georgie !
george : coming up .
jerry : how did you do on the iq test ? !
george : 85 !
jerry : what ? ! !
george : 85 , jerry ! 85 iq !
[ jerry laughs . ]
elaine : 85 ?
jerry : well , well , well ...
elaine : he 's coming up ?
jerry : well , i 'm no genius , but according to my <UNK> he should be here in a few seconds .
elaine : yeah , but an 85 , that 's ridiculous .
jerry : well , maybe the test was <UNK> <UNK> , you know a lot of questions about <UNK> and <UNK> ...
[ george comes in looking angry . ]
george : oh , hello professor .
elaine : george , i can not believe ...
george : please ...
elaine : no there has got be a mistake .
george : you should 've seen her face . it was the exact same look my father gave me when i told him i wanted to be a <UNK> .
jerry : but an 85 ?
elaine : there were too many distractions there . babu ... what ever he 's name was and kramer ... i could n't concentrate .
jerry mocking : it was a <UNK> .
elaine : jerry ! it was ! let me take it again .
george : <UNK> , forget it .
elaine : oh , come on , come on . i guarantee <UNK> what do you have to lose ?
george : you could do worst !
elaine : no , no , i guarantee it .
george : all right , i 'll ask her .
elaine : ok , now where i 'm going to take it .
jerry : take it here , i 'll leave , there 'll be no distractions .
[ dream cafe . babu is on the window looking <UNK> . jerry comes in . ]
jerry : well , congratulations my friend . you know , i sorry i missed the grand <UNK> . i was out of town for about a week .
babu : you see how i listened . i worked very hard , <UNK> more money .
jerry : i think it 's fantastic . has a certain <UNK> charm .
babu : you wish to eat ?
jerry : let me tell you something babu . you go back there in that kitchen and tell your <UNK> i want the works .
babu : very good .
jerry thinking : very good ? no , not very good , very great . i am very , very great .
[ jerry 's apartment . elaine is finishing the test . ]
[ monica 's bedroom . george is <UNK> the room . ]
[ jerry 's monologue . ]
you know the iq test has always that <UNK> question at the beginning where they show how to fill in the circle . it should be the first <UNK> point right there . anybody goes outside of that circle , yeah you wan na come with us , yeah you 're done , the test is over , you went outside the circle ok ?
[ jerry 's apartment . elaine <UNK> the test and is packing the stuff . ]
[ kramer charges in and locks the door behind him . ]
elaine : what are you doing ?
kramer : quiet . shh , do n't say anything .
elaine : what 's going on ?
man behind the door : hey , kramer ! i saw you going there ! i 'm not leaving until i get the jacket . [ bangs on the door ] open up kramer !
elaine : why did you come in here for ?
kramer : i thought i 'd throw him off . see , he knows where i live .
elaine : well kramer , i have to return this test . i 've got to get out of here .
kramer : i thought you took the test .
elaine : i had to take it again .
kramer : how come ?
elaine : what 's the difference ? ! !
kramer : well , you ca n't leave now .
elaine : what ?
man behind the door : come on , kramer ! i want that jacket back !
kramer : never !
[ monica 's apartment . george is looking out the window . ]
monica : george , open up .
[ george opens the door . ]
monica : well ?
[ george shakes her hand . ]
george : how ' you doing ?
monica : where 's the test ?
george : you know , it 's the damnedest thing . i went out the window again to get a cup of coffee ...
[ dream cafe . babu is looking as jerry eats . ]
jerry : babu ? babu ... [ waves babu to come to table ] babu ... you know , i got to tell you , i never do this , but the shrimp , it 's just that it 's a little stringy . you have any chicken ?
babu : the shrimp is stringy ?
jerry : well , maybe your refrigerator ...
babu : quiet ! ! you shut up ! you make me change restaurant , but nobody comes ! you say make pakistani , babu bhatt have only pakistani restaurant . but where are people ? you see people ? show me people . there are no people !
jerry : you know , i think i 'll just take the check .
babu : you bad man ! you very very bad man ! [ leaves ]
jerry thinking : bad man ? could 've my mother been wrong ?
[ monica 's . elaine is <UNK> tapping on the bedroom window . monica comes to open . ]
monica : are you looking for george ?
elaine : well eh , kind of ....
monica : george left .
elaine : oh .
monica : is that the test ?
elaine : oh , this ... <UNK> ... yeah ... here you go .
monica : thanks . i hope you did do a lot better this time .
elaine : actually , you know what , i think i did . the first time i could n't really <UNK> ... [ monica closes the window ] ... <UNK> .
[ at the street . dream cafe has a closed sign on the window and men are carrying furniture out . ] [ george , jerry and kramer are standing across the street . kramer has no jacket on . ]
jerry : you know what it was , bad location .
george : lets not stand here , we might run in to her .
jerry : are n't you cold ? where 's your jacket ?
kramer : yeah ...
jerry : oh , i 'm sorry .
kramer : i 'm going upstairs .
[ elaine comes . ]
elaine : hey guys , i just ran in to monica . you know what my iq is ? <UNK> .
jerry : <UNK> ?
george : that 's a good score .
jerry : so , what are you up for ? how about mexican ?
george : italian .
elaine : no , chinese .
jerry : you know , what would be great ?
[ george and elaine give jerry a long look . ]
[ closing monologue . ]
it 's tough to do a good deed . just look at your professional good deed <UNK> . your <UNK> <UNK> , your superman , your batman , your <UNK> , your <UNK> . they are all wearing <UNK> , <UNK> over their faces . secret <UNK> . do n't want people to know who they are . it 's too much <UNK> . `` superman , thanks for saving my life , but did you have to come through my wall ? i 'm <UNK> here , i 've got a security deposit . what am i supposed to do ? ''
opening monologue

jerry : .... hair that was on your shower soap today could be in your head tomorrow . how did they do the first transplant ?
did they have the guy take a shower , get his soap , rush it in there by <UNK> , you know
keep the soap alive on the soap support system .... looks it over . `` we got the hair but i think we lost
the <UNK> . ''
.... <UNK> the transplant with organs .
is it possible that a head could <UNK> the hair transplant . guy just <UNK> ' there and suddenly ...
.. <UNK> ! ( motions hair flying out of his head ) ........ lands in someone 's <UNK> yogurt .
jerry 's apartment . a repairman is working on his fridge , jerry doing work with headphones on .
repairman : ..... the <UNK> that you have here are <UNK> .
jerry : ah .. ha ! .. really . ( jerry is barely listening to him )
repairman : so i took off the <UNK> relay on the compressor .... 'cos you .. you ( <UNK> ) you 've got some <UNK>
jerry : oh ! well whatever you have to do .
repairman : i was working with one ..... <UNK> at a time 'cos you do n't wan na disturb the position of the compressor .
jerry : ( sarcastically ) no you do n't ..
george enters the apartment .
george : hey ! what are listening to ?
jerry : my show from last night .
george : oh ! you <UNK> it ?
jerry : yeah , i was doing new material .
george : hey ! did 'ya ever do that thing on the toes that i said .
jerry : huh ?
george : yeah ! like the big toe is like the captain of the toes , but sometimes the toe next to the big toe gets so
big that there 's like a power struggle and the second toe <UNK> control of the foot .
jerry : the '' <UNK> <UNK> ''
george : yeah . did you do it ?
jerry : yeah !
george : so ?
jerry : nothin ' ..... nothing at all .
george : need to use the phone .
jerry : who you calling ?
george : china .
jerry : china really ?
george : yeah . i 'll pay for it .
jerry : what for ?
george : what for ? . i 'll tell you what for .... for hair .
jerry : hair ?
george : the chinese have done it my friend . the chinese have done it .
jerry : done what ?
george : discovered a cure for baldness .
repairman : did you see that last night ?
george : it was on cnn ( kramer comes in and he is taping from a camcorder ) this chinese doctor zeng zau .
has discovered a cure for baldness .
jerry : ( to kramer ) what 's this ?
kramer : well i just got it . <UNK> gave it to me , he 's giving everything away ... becoming a <UNK> .
george : is that the guy who likes fat women ?
jerry : does n't the fat <UNK> <UNK> with the <UNK> .
kramer : ( to george ) you , you know what you should 've done is watching that report on cnn last night .
george : i did , i 'm trying to call china .
kramer : you ca n't call china now its like , what , three ' o clock in the morning there
jerry ; oh ! my god ! ....
george : what ?
jerry : oh ! god .. oh ! man ..... oh ! brother ! ! ! i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing . this woman his talking to
me on my tape recorder while i was on stage . this is wild . i 've never heard anything like this in my life .
listen to this .
george : ( george puts on the headphones ) oh ! my god ...
kramer : give me it .. ( tries to pull them off george 's head )
george : wa .. <UNK> ! ...... who is this woman ?
jerry : i do n't know . i have no idea . i was just listening and she came on .
george : this is like a <UNK> letter ... why ca n't i meet women like this ?
kramer : all right come on .... again <UNK> to pull headphones off )
george : wait , wait , wait , wait ! ! ! ! .... where was the tape recorder ?
jerry : it was in the back of the room on the left , she must have been sitting right in front of it .
george : my god ! ! !
kramer : c'mon it 's my turn .
george : all right , all right , all , right ! ! ( gives the headphones to kramer ) how you gon na find out who this is ?
jerry : good question .
kramer : where 's the <UNK> .. ( finds it ) a , <UNK> .. ya ... ya .. ya ! ! ! !

cut to monks

george : what do the chinese have to <UNK> by faking a cure for baldness ?
jerry : if it was real , they would never let it out of the country . no baldness , it 'd be like a <UNK> of <UNK> .
elaine : hi boys .
both : hello ...
elaine : what 's happening ?
jerry : tell her . i wan na hear her reaction .
george : this woman left this really sexy message on jerry 's tape recorder ......
jerry : ( pushes george ) not that you idiot ! !
george : what ? ?
jerry : the chinese , the chinese bald cure .
george : i thought you meant the ..
jerry : no i meant the bald cure . we were talking about the bald cure .
elaine : what did she say ?
peter : seinfeld ..... ( from way in the back of the restaurant . <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> to have jerry leave the
table for a minute so george and elaine can talk )
jerry : hey ! is that peter ? ... i ca n't believe it . get me a cup of <UNK> . ( leaves table )
elaine : so did you hear this message ?
george : oh ! , he he , it was unbelievable
elaine : really !
george : yeah . i ca n't get over it .
elaine : huh ! sexy ?
george : this woman drove us out of our minds
elaine : like ... humm ... how did she sound ?
george : she had this <UNK> , sexy kind of whisper .
elaine : really , like a ... like a .... ( leans over to george and whispers ) jerry , i want to slide my tongue
around you like a snake ..... <UNK> , <UNK> .....
george : oh ! my god ! ! ...... you ? ..... you ? ... that was you ? ....
elaine : <UNK> ! ! !
george : how did ya ? ...
elaine : i stopped at the club to see him and i was standing in the back while he was on , right ? ,
and there was this tape recorder there and i ..... got this impulse . ha ha ha ha .... what ?
george : oh ! no no nothing ....
elaine : now listen , promise me you wo n't tell him <UNK> want to have a little fun with this .
george : i had no idea you were filled with such .... <UNK> ..
elaine : oh ! that was nothing . so listen , what about this bald thing ?
george : ah ! some bald thing , a bald thing i dunno . it 's nothing

jerry comes back
jerry : remember peter ?
george : peter ?
jerry : you remember peter . remember i told you how he went to the track that one time and he was yelling at this
jockey and the jockey got off the <UNK> and started <UNK> ' him .
elaine : so listen , what about this girl on the tape recorder ?
jerry : oh elaine .... what do you think an <UNK> female fan of mine might say ?
elaine : i do n't know .
jerry : she went on in some <UNK> about certain activities , illegal in some <UNK> , for <UNK> adults .
things you would know very little about .
elaine : oh ! really .
jerry : well this type of things is very common when you 're in show business .
elaine : so what , are you gon na ask her out .
jerry : no i ca n't she did n't leave her name or number .
elaine : <UNK> ... okay , good luck finding her . i 'm taking off .
george : wh .. where you going ?
elaine : home .
george : why you going home for ?
elaine : well , i just came from the gym , unless i can shower at your place .
jerry : sure .


back to jerry 's
george : oh ! my god . oh ! man ...
jerry : i do n't get it . why would a woman do that and then leave no way to get in touch with her .
elaine : ( coming out of the shower in a bathrobe ) may be she realized she could never have you and she jumped off
the george washington bridge .
george : ( phone rings , picks up ) operator ? beijing ?
jerry : why are you doing this ?
george : why do i do anything ? <UNK> ... for women .
jerry : elaine have you ever gone out with a bald man ?
elaine : no .
jerry : you know what that makes you ? ... a <UNK> .
george : oh . this i need . hello ! ! hello . i .. i .. is this the hair <UNK> clinic ? ... does anyone speak english ?

elaine : ( to kramer who just got in with his camcorder ) ooooh ! you 're taping .
kramer : just be yourselves . ( elaine plays with her hair flirtingly )
elaine : aah ! <UNK> .
kramer : well we 're talking with elaine benes ; adult film star on the set of her new picture `` elaine does the upper
west side ''
elaine : ( to the camera ) hi . how 're you doin ' ?
kramer : i 'm doin ' fine .
george : do you speak english ? ... english ! !
kramer : <UNK> ! here 's the director jerry seinfeld . jerry , you discovered elaine benes ?
jerry : well yes i did that 's true . a couple of a guys i knew in the <UNK> told me about her .... and i <UNK>
that she had the anger and <UNK> that i needed to make this film work .
george : english . does anybody speak english <UNK> speaks english .
kramer : so what scene are you ready to shoot now , elaine ?
george : in this scene my <UNK> who 's right over here ( goes over to george who is still on the phone )
<UNK> <UNK> ... is george costanza , he plays an airline pilot who 's just returned from <UNK>
and i 'm about to show him how much i 've missed him .
door buzzer rings
kramer : that 's my chinese food ... so george is this your first movie with elaine ?
george : ( visibly disturbed ) i ... i .. i dunno .
kramer : so elaine in your movies is the sex real or is it simulated ?
elaine : oh . it 's always simulated .... except with george that 's in my <UNK> .
george : all right , kramer that 's it ..... ( pushes the camera ) hello . english . does anyone speak english
kramer : ( to the chinese delivery boy ) how much do i owe you ?
ping : $ <UNK> .
kramer : $ <UNK> . ?
george : huh . excuse me ( to ping ) hum ... do you speak chinese ?
ping : chinese .... yeah .
george : look ... humm .. i 'm on with beijing with the hair <UNK> clinic . could you talk to them for
me and tell them i 'd like to place an order .
ping : ( sounds like ) <UNK> , <UNK> . <UNK> son <UNK> gettin my <UNK> fai <UNK> . ( looks at george and laughs )

george : they got a <UNK> people over there and he found a <UNK> .
ping : ah <UNK> <UNK> . if you send money they send cream .
george : they send me ? aw right .. ask 'em does it really work ?
ping : gym a gun <UNK> <UNK> . chin <UNK> <UNK> say you grow hair , look a like <UNK>
george : ask ' <UNK> are there any side <UNK> ?
ping : <UNK> o <UNK> <UNK> .... <UNK> . .... ( makes a just kidding gesture )
george : aw ! funny he 's a funny guy .
ping : get a money order from the bank of china , be here three days after they get check .
george leaves all excited .
ping : ( continues his phone call ) ha <UNK> fair pousher pousher <UNK> i fai chin <UNK> ...
jerry : ( as ping <UNK> on ) ... <UNK> me ( ping looks up ) kind of an expensive call .

on a street at night in george 's car

elaine : thanks for driving me home . what did i do to deserve this ?
george : <UNK> , plenty ...... wh .. wh .. what are doing hum ... you 're going in ?
elaine : well ya . i guess so why ? you wan na do something ?
george : yeah .... <UNK> ... i dunno what ?
elaine : <UNK> .... there 's really nothing to do .
george : ( becoming more and more awkward ) yeah .....
elaine : do you think of anything ? ..
george : no , no .... ( mumbles )
elaine : i am up for anything .
george : really ... ( he <UNK> the car and is <UNK> , elaine laughs ) ...... i have to say ... you were really good
doing that <UNK> thing .... you 're <UNK> .
elaine : i was just <UNK> , around <UNK>
george : i thought the thing you said about the sex not being simulated . that was really funny .
elaine : ( feeling awkward as well ) yeah ! that was a ... f ... fun .. mmm ? .
george ; so all right i 'll speak to you through jerry and everything .
elaine : okay ... thanks a lot for the ride .

elaine gets out of the car , george tries to catch his breath .
back to jerry 's .
jerry : .. she was sitting at the table where i had my tape recorder ... okay great . thanks again .. bye .
ha ha .. who do these women think they 're dealing with ? did she think she was gon na leave this <UNK>
<UNK> message on my tape and i was just gon na let it go . not bloody likely ...
kramer : what is that ?
jerry : that 's my cockney accent .
kramer : naw , na , that 's no good .
jerry : lets hear yours .
kramer : not bloody likely ..
jerry : that 's the worst cockney accent i 've ever heard in my life . ( george enters ) hey ! georgie boy , guess what i
got .
george ; guess , what i got .
jerry : oh ! is that the bald stuff ?
george : from china . all the way from china .
kramer : wait , wait wait ... let me get the camera .
george : no do n't get the camera , we do n't need the camera . listen i know your skeptical , but i really believe
in the chinese .
jerry : yes i am skeptical .
george : why do you have to be so suspicious of every one . this is a great man zeng zau , he wants to help bald people .
kramer : w .. w .. wa ... wa .. wait .. wait wait .. now lets videotape your head for the before picture , so we can watch
how it <UNK> and stuff . sit down ( george sits ) ..... lean back ... a little bit to the right .
jerry : make sure you get this area here , where he needs the help ....
george : all right , all right ( goes to the bathroom )
kramer : he 's a happy camper huh ?
jerry : happy camper , i do n't hear that expression enough .
kramer ; remember that guy who took my jacket . the one i found at my mother 's house .
jerry : yeah .
kramer : my mother told me that he got arrested for mail fraud
jerry : no kidding ?
kramer : he 's in jail .
jerry : what happened to the jacket . did he take it with him ?
kramer : that 's what i intend to find out . ( george comes out of the bathroom and he 's got white cream on his head )
jerry : you can see it . you gon na walk around like that ?
kramer : it stinks . can you smell that ? .... you stink .
jerry : how long are you suppose to leave it on for ?
george : all day . ( phone rings , jerry picks up )
jerry : hello .
elaine : it 's elaine <UNK> benes .
jerry : well hello ..
elaine : hello .. so did you ever find out who that woman was ?
jerry : yes , i got her number .
george : is that elaine ?
jerry : yeah .
george : hi elaine ...
elaine : i guess you figure you 're in for a pretty wild night ?
jerry : well , as i said this type of thing is very common in show business
elaine : well listen i 'm going to ( ? ) do you want me to stop by ?
george : did she say hello ?
jerry : what ? i dunno .
george : i mean , when i said hello did she say hello back ?
jerry : i do n't know , who keeps track of hellos .
george : is n't polite to say hello when somebody says hello ?
jerry : she 's coming up .
george : elaine 's coming up ?
jerry : yeah . what 's wrong , why ? ( george runs back to the bathroom )
kramer : how often do you cut your toe <UNK> ?
jerry : i would say every two and a half to eight weeks .
kramer : 'cos the other night , you know , i was sleeping with marion i rolled over and i cut her ankle
with my big toe .
jerry : the big toe ; the captain .
kramer : what ?
jerry ; the captain of the toes . ( phone rings ) hello .
elaine : jerry ... jerry listen i got too much stuff this afternoon , i ca n't come over , forget it .
jerry : okay .... too bad .
elaine : so humm .... when you gon na call her ?
jerry : soon as i get off the phone <UNK> you .
elaine : good luck .
jerry : okay , bye ( to george ) what happened , did you take it off ?
george : yeah , that was enough .
jerry : that 's it , you gave up ?
george : no no i 'm working on a system ... who was that ?
jerry : that was elaine , she changed her mind . she 's not coming over .
as jerry dials the girls number , george <UNK> to the bathroom one more time .
alicia : hello .
jerry : hello is this alicia ? <UNK> is jerry seinfeld .
alicia : yeah .
jerry : this is jerry seinfeld .
cuts to commercial . back to jerry 's after an implied date with alicia
jerry : ( to kramer ) ... ( words missing ) ... laugh , everything 's nice and at the end of the night i go for
a little contact . i get the pull back . this woman said the <UNK> things i 've ever heard in
my life . i get the pull back .
door buzzer
jerry : yeah ..
george : it 's george .
jerry : come on up . ( looks at his watch ) ... what 's he doing here now ?
kramer : so , you blew it ?
jerry : she must be psychotic or something .
kramer : let me have her number .
jerry : i 'm not giving you her number .
kramer : i know how to handle these <UNK> .
george comes in wearing a huge <UNK> hat .
jerry : <UNK> ? ........ what 's with the hat ?
kramer : ( george takes off the hat , he 's got that cream on again ) <UNK> ! boy ! you stink .
jerry : what are doing here now ?
george : i have to talk to you about something .
kramer : all right lets take a look to see what we got ( <UNK> george 's head ) wait a second ..
i think i see something here george . lets go to the videotape .
george : <UNK> .. no .. no ..
jerry : what 's up ?
george : i ca n't tell ya now , he 's gon na be back in a ten seconds .
jerry : so just start it .
george : i ca n't .
jerry : oh ! come <UNK> . he 'll be over there for a half hour , he gets lost over there .
c'mon so what is this about ?
george : all right <UNK> i 've become attracted to elaine ..
kramer burst in with is video <UNK> .
kramer ; all right .... sit down george .
george : kramer , can we do this later ..
kramer : no , i got the tape right here .
jerry : kramer , let 's do this later .
kramer : ( ignoring them ) now .. this is the tape that we made earlier and i think , that i see . a couple of buds
right here .
george : really ? .. you think .
jerry : kramer . i would like to talk to george for a minute , please .
kramer : 'bout what ?
jerry : it 's kinda private .
kramer : like the big toe captain ..
george : so now you 're doing my bits ?
jerry : i 'm not doing your bits ! !
kramer : okay , all right . i 'm gon na take a look at this huh ! . ( leaves )
jerry : does she know ?
george : no ! !
jerry : how did it happen ?
george : i ca n't say .
jerry : well , why ca n't you say it ?
george : because i promised her .
jerry : i thought you just said she does n't know ? ?
george : she does n't .
jerry : so how can you promise her ?
george : because she asked me to .
jerry : what is this , an abbott and <UNK> routine ?
george : all right you really want to know ? ... it all started when she told met hat ... she was the voice
on your tape recorder .
jerry : what , elaine ?
george : yeah ! she made me promise not to tell you <UNK> 's supposed to be a joke .
jerry : ( picks up the headphones ) that was elaine ...
george : well let me hear .... ( they struggle for the headphones )
jerry : wait a second . <UNK> give me a second
george : you heard it fifty times already .
jerry : she 's my ex-girlfriend i think i have <UNK>
door buzzer
jerry : <UNK> ! ! !
elaine : hi , it 's elaine is this a bad time ?
george grabs his hat and rushes to the bathroom again .
george : ( yelling from the bathroom ) do n't tell her anything , she 'll kill me ! !
jerry : okay , okay , i promise . ( puts on the headphones again ) wow ! ! ! oh man ... oh god ..
oh brother .... <UNK> ! ! <UNK> ( elaine enters he takes them off <UNK> )
elaine : ( concerned ) what 's the matter ?
jerry : oooh ! i got a pain in my side .
elaine : ( to george <UNK> ) hi george . something stinks in here . ( george motions to jerry , she nods )
jerry : what are you doing here ?
elaine : i was the one who talked into your tape recorder .
jerry ; i know , george told me .
elaine ; you told him ! ! ! !
george : he .. he <UNK> me .
jerry : where did you come up with all that stuff ?
elaine : that was nothing .
george : elaine .. i have to tell you something ...
jerry : george no ! !
george : no no no no no no no ..
jerry : george i 'm telling ya ..
elaine : what is it ?
george : i 'm very attracted to you ..
jerry : <UNK> ......
kramer comes in and yells
kramer : i 've found a hair ! ! ! yes ( goes up to the video machine and <UNK> the tape )
hey , come here , come here , take a look at this .
george : ever since i found out that you let that message on jerry 's tape recorder i ...
credits start to roll
kramer : whoa ! ! ! .... that was you ?
elaine : it was a joke ...
kramer : wait .. ( picks up the <UNK> ) oh my god ... oh yeah .... elaine , i ca n't believe that that is
you .
elaine : aah .... ( she stares at the three of them all <UNK> up like the <UNK> , all looking at her
with <UNK> . ) i think i 'll get going ...
george : <UNK> . huh . stick around a while .
jerry : it 's early .
kramer : we 'll order chinese .
she leaves and they all <UNK> for the tape recorder .

end
opening monologue .
can you give me an explanation as to why the <UNK> has to be two-and-a-half feet up above everybody else ? what the hell is he doing , he ca n't be down there on the floor with you and me ? brain <UNK> , airline <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> , we 're all on the same level . oh no , he 's got ta be two-and-a-half feet up . `` look out , everybody , i 'm working with pills . spread out , give me some room . '' the only hard part of his whole job that i could see is <UNK> everything onto that little tiny <UNK> . he has to try and get all the words on there , keep the paper in <UNK> it 's a little piece of paper , in the roller of the <UNK> . oh no , he 's got ta be two-and-a-half feet up . `` yeah , i 'd like to get this <UNK> filled . '' `` alright , and you wait down there , only i'm allowed up here . ''

first scene .
jerry and george are at a newsstand .
george : where 'd you meet her ?
jerry : i met her on an elevator .
george : on an elevator ? you met a woman on an elevator ?
jerry : impossible , right ?
george : you got less than sixty seconds . that 's like <UNK> a time <UNK> .
what got into you ?
jerry : i do n't know . she was so beautiful , it was like a pure <UNK> . the
words just came out of my mouth .
george : wow . what 'd you say ?
( flashback to jerry and isabel on the elevator )
jerry : you know , i 'm the one responsible for those crop circles in <UNK> .
( end of flashback )
george : wow .
jerry : can you believe i did that ?
george : what did she say ?
( another flashback )
isabel : what crop circles ?
( end of flashback )
jerry : not a good sign .
george : not everybody knows what the crop circles are . ( to the newsstand
owner ) do you know what the crop circles are ?
newsstand owner : crop circles ? why do n't you buy something ?
jerry : you got something in your teeth there .
george : what ?
jerry : it 's green .
george : oh , man , it 's <UNK> ! i 've been walking around like this all
afternoon .
jerry : did you bump into anybody you knew ?
george : i had a job interview .
jerry : how 'd it go ?
george : take a guess .
( flashback to george 's job interview , with <UNK> of george 's <UNK>
teeth . )
<UNK> : well , mr. costanza , we have nothing available at the present time ,
but should anything open up , we 'll be in touch .
george : ok , thanks .
( end of flashback )
jerry : what do you need a job , you got audrey .
george : yeah , right .
jerry : what 's the matter ?
george : oh , nothing .
jerry : what ?
george : you wo n't think i 'm a bad person ?
jerry : too late for that .
george : 'cause believe me , i would only say this to you and maybe a
<UNK> , maybe . well , her nose is a little big .
jerry : yeah , she 's got a big nose .
george : i mean , big would even be ok , a little beyond big .
( momentary flashback to audrey 's tremendous nose )
jerry : it 's a <UNK> .
george : now , i 'm aware that my own physical dimensions are perhaps a little
short of <UNK> .
jerry : a little .
george : so who am i to be thinking about someone 's nose ? i mean , i should be
<UNK> someone like her even looks at me . i have no job , nothing . but i have
to say , i think about the nose . i do n't want to think about the nose . i do n't
ask to think about the nose , but i think about it . i go to bed at night , i tell
myself , 'do n't think about the nose , forget the nose , ' but i think about it . i
look at her , i see nose .
jerry : stop being so concerned with looks .
( momentary flashback to isabel giving jerry her number )
jerry : have you said anything to her about it ?
george : i could never do that . you know the <UNK> thing is if she had a
smaller nose , i never could have gone out with her in the first place . she 'd be
out of my <UNK> with a smaller nose . and i really like her , i know that . and
i know one other thing . i 'm not getting past that nose .
jerry : alright , shut up , here they come .
george ( waving ) : how can i not think about it ? look at the size of this thing .

new scene .
jerry , elaine , george , audrey and kramer are <UNK> a pizza at jerry 's
apartment .
kramer : so my mother 's going out with this guy who leaves a jacket in her house
so , you know , she gives it to me . well , two years later he shows up and he
takes it back . and now he 's in prison . he got arrested for mail fraud . so
elaine , all you have to do is go over to the apartment , tell the landlord that
you 're his daughter and you want to bring him the jacket in prison .
elaine : wo n't the landlord know i 'm not the daughter ?
kramer : no no , he 's never met her . she 's in <UNK> .
elaine : are you coming with me ?
kramer : oh , yeah yeah , i have to . i 'm your fianc , peter von nostrand .
george : why do n't you just commit yourself already ?
audrey : what is so special about this jacket ?
elaine : he <UNK> it possesses some <UNK> power over women .
audrey : what 's the <UNK> on your hand ?
kramer : oh , i got <UNK> at the reggae lounge last night . yeah , i 'm going
back there tonight , you know , i 'm not gon na pay another cover charge .
george : what , you did n't wash all day ?
kramer : yeah , i <UNK> , just not the hand . you would n't believe the women at
this club . ohh , man .
audrey : it 's amazing how many beautiful women live in new york . i actually
find it kind of intimidating .
kramer : well , you 're as pretty as any of them , you just need a nose job .
elaine : kramer !
kramer : what ? what ?
elaine : how could you say something like that ? !
kramer : what ? what do you mean ? i just said she needs a nose job .
elaine : no no , there 's nothing wrong with her nose ! i 'm so sorry , audrey .
audrey : no , it 's ok .
elaine : what did you have to say that for ?
kramer : well , i was just trying to help out .
elaine : yeah ? well , you can kiss that jacket goodbye , mr. von <UNK> .
kramer : you see what happens when you try to be nice ?


mid-episode monologue .
but what would the world be like if people said whatever they were thinking , all
the time , whenever it came to them ? how long would a blind date last ? about
thirteen seconds , i think . `` oh , sorry . your <UNK> end is too big . '' `` that 's ok ,
your breath stinks anyway . see you later , no problem , <UNK> , ok , thank you
very much . ''


new scene .
george and audrey are in elaine 's apartment .
audrey : elaine said i could stay with her another month until tina gets back .
what are you thinking about ?
george : thinking ? nothing . what could i possibly be thinking ?
audrey : you look like you 've got something on your mind .
george : oh , yeah , right . i wish i had something on my mind . ( pregnant pause )
so how about that kramer , huh ?
audrey : how about him ?
george : they way he just says stuff .
audrey : he sure does .
george : yeah . yeah , he 's quite a character .
audrey : so , what did you think ?
george : about the pizza ?
audrey : no , about the nose job .
george : oh , the nose job . i do n't know , what did you think ?
audrey : well , i 've thought about it , but i do n't know .
george : yeah . ( another pause ) not that i care , one way or the other , but
these doctors today really do amazing things , you know , if you were so inclined .
and again , i 'm not suggesting .
audrey : i know , they 're good .
george : peter jennings had one .
audrey : really ?
george : probably . they all do . in my high school , half my graduating class
had them . of course , i 'm from long island , so ...
audrey : uh huh .
george : it 's really nothing , it 's like going to the dentist .
audrey : i hate the dentist .
george : it 's a cleaning .
audrey : so you really think i should do this ?
george : if it makes you happy , i do n't focus on these things . i will tell you
this : unfortunately , we live in a very <UNK> society . i do n't <UNK>
it , but it 's a fact of life .
audrey : well , maybe i should .
george : what the hell .
elaine ( barging in ) : aw , now you talked her into getting a nose job ?
george : me ? i did n't say anything .
elaine : you encouraged her to get one .
george : i did n't encourage . no encourage .
elaine : peter jennings had one ?
george : it 's possible .
elaine : well , i think you should accept her for who she is .
audrey : no , george is right . i want to get one .
elaine : i think it 's a mistake .
george : me too , really . unless you 'd really like to get one .

new scene .
jerry and george are at the coffee shop .
george : i 'm going <UNK> to hell , no two ways about it .
jerry : well , it might not be hell but you 're gon na run into some bad <UNK> .
george ( checking his watch ) : hey , let 's get the check , she 's taking the
<UNK> off at four o'clock .
jerry : we have time .
george : it 's exciting , is n't it ? she 's gon na have a whole new face .
jerry : it is exciting .
george : of course , not as exciting as miss crop circles , but ...
jerry : please , please , isabel ? she is the most <UNK> woman i have ever
met in my life . i have never been so <UNK> by someone <UNK> and so
attracted to them physically at the same time . it 's like my brain is facing my
penis in a chess game . and i 'm letting him win .
george : you 're not letting him win . he wins till you 're forty .
jerry : then what ?
george : he still wins but it 's not a <UNK> .
jerry : she wants to be an <UNK> . she makes me read these moronic acting
scenes with her , and i do it because i 'm so <UNK> to the sex , i 'm <UNK> ,
i 'll do anything . so finally kramer comes in the other day .
( flashback to kramer and jerry in jerry 's apartment )
jerry ( holding up a piece of paper ) : i do n't want to see this woman anymore but
i have n't got the will power to throw out her number . please , help me . help
me .
kramer ( taking the paper and tearing it to pieces ) : i 'm proud of you .
( end of flashback )
jerry : so i 'm never gon na see her again , i 'm going cold turkey .
george : good for you .
jerry : i 'll tell you , the sex ... i mean , i was like an animal . i mean it was
just completely <UNK> .
george : it 's like going to the bathroom in front of a lot of people and not
<UNK> .
jerry : it 's not like that at all .

new scene .
elaine , george , jerry , kramer and audrey are at elaine 's apartment .
elaine : how do you even know the jacket is there ?
kramer : well i do n't , i 'm <UNK> .
george : okay , look , audrey , before you take the bandage off just remember that
i was the one that encouraged you to do this , you know ? now that you 're gon na
be a great beauty , let 's not forget how this all <UNK> . you know , like if you 'd
listened to your friend , elaine ,
audrey : george ?
george : yeah ?
audrey : enough .
jerry : alright , are we ready ? come on , let 's get this show on the road .
elaine : are you sure you want us here for this ?
audrey : yes .
jerry : should n't a doctor do it ?
audrey : no , he said i could do it . okay , here goes .
george : very exciting , very exciting , it 's like watching a birth .
audrey removed the bandage , the <UNK> tries to <UNK> their horror .
elaine : it looks good .
jerry : great job .
kramer : you got <UNK> .
george <UNK> .
an <UNK> time later , jerry and elaine are helping george to his feet .
jerry : let 's put him over here .
kramer ( to a <UNK> audrey ) : where are you going ?
audrey ( with hand <UNK> nose ) : to the doctor !
kramer : wait , wait , wait , i 'll go with you .
kramer leaves , elaine sits on the couch near george .
elaine : how ya feeling ?
george : too much <UNK> in my diet .
elaine : can i get you anything ?
george : nah , i 'm good .
elaine : you sure ? anything ?
george : mmm , no . boy , it really did n't come out too well , did it ?
elaine : no , it did n't . no , it did n't .
george : it 's like , all <UNK> .
elaine : seems to be .
george : well , i 'm sure they 'll be able to fix it . you ca n't stop <UNK>
science . ca n't stop it , you ca n't stop it . ca n't stop science . ca n't be
stopped , no way , no how , science just <UNK> --
elaine : shut up , george .
george : shut up ?
elaine : yeah .
george : interesting .

new scene .
jerry and kramer are at jerry 's apartment . kramer is pouring a bowl of cereal ,
jerry has cracked .
jerry : come on , kramer , seriously , give me her number !
kramer : i do n't have it , i threw it out .
jerry : you 're lying ! you got it , i want that number !
kramer : i told you , i threw it out .
jerry : give it to me !
kramer : you told me not to give it to you , you made me promise .
jerry : well , i changed my mind , i want that number .
kramer : you said , no matter what you do or say , i 'm not to give you the number .
jerry : i was lying , give it to me !
kramer : no , you told me not to !
jerry : i want that number !
kramer : alright ! ( <UNK> pieces of torn paper to the ground ) yeah ! yeah !
yeah ! ( jerry falls to the floor and starts <UNK> pieces ) look at you !
look at what you 've <UNK> to ! look at what you 've become ! look in the mirror ,
cause you need help , jerry . you need help , because i ca n't stand by and do it
anymore . it 's turning my stomach ! i ca n't stand around here watching you
destroy yourself . it 's eating me up inside !
kramer storms out , then storms back in to grab the box of cereal and the bowl ,
then storms out again .

new scene .
george and audrey are at the coffee shop , audrey is talking about her nose ,
george is trying not to look at it .
audrey : the doctor said that they need to build the <UNK> wall of the septum .
over here ...
george : yeah .
audrey : you see this <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ?
george : oh , i got it .
audrey : you see how it 's <UNK> ? that 's what 's causing this huge dent .
george : yeah , phew .
audrey : so anyway , george , do you know what i was thinking about ?
george : what ?
audrey : remember we talked about taking a trip together ?
george : we did ?
audrey : yeah , we talked about going to hawaii ?
george : hawaii ?
audrey : anyway , i think it would be great to get away after all this .
george ( <UNK> his glasses ) you know , hawaii could be a little tricky right
now , there 's a lot of high pressure winds down there this time of year , there 's
a lot of <UNK> constantly flying around . <UNK> , and uh , <UNK> , pretty dangerous .
audrey : i never heard that .
george : oh yeah . my friend lived there .
audrey : we could go to the <UNK> .
george : you know , i have to tell you something . you could n't get me on a plane
right now . i get those <UNK> reports <UNK> . my uncle <UNK> them to me , he
used to be a pilot , so . big investigation in the , uh , what 's the word there ,
uh , offing . it 's in the offing . but , you know , you should n't let that stop you
from going . you could go . i do n't mind .
audrey : george , i do n't think this is working .

new scene .
jerry is <UNK> with isabel .
isabel : ever since you came back from the army , you 've changed . i swear
nelson , i do n't even know who you are anymore .
jerry : i 'm nelson !
isabel : that 's not the line , jerry .
jerry : alright , alright , i 'm sorry . ( reading ) nothing 's changed , <UNK> , i just
need more time .
isabel : i swear , nelson , sometimes at night , when you 're not around , i just go
crazy thinking about you .
jerry : well , you just need to relax . maybe a hobby , bowling is fun .
isabel : yeah , bowling 's good if you 're really gross and ugly .
jerry ( to himself ) : uh oh . my organs are playing chess again .

cut to the table where a slightly <UNK> jerry 's brain is playing chess
with a <UNK> <UNK> jerry 's penis .
jerry 's brain : well i 'm getting a little tired of this . what do you say we
play one for all the <UNK> ?
jerry 's penis : oh brain , what are you doing ? you can not beat me . do you have
any idea who you 're dealing with ? forget about it !
jerry 's brain : i ca n't take her anymore . i hate reading her stupid little
acting scenes .
jerry 's penis : oh , so what ? so you read from a little play . you ca n't put up
with that for an hour to make me happy ? you 're so <UNK> . give me one hour ,
then i will take over , you will not have to think for the rest of the night .
jerry 's brain : what about tomorrow morning ? do you have any idea what that 's
like for me ? do you care ? no , you do n't care . so long as you get to do
whatever it is you do . you disgust me .
jerry 's penis : oh , go read a book .
jerry 's brain : enough chatting , let 's play .

new scene .
elaine and kramer are outside the landlord 's apartment .
elaine : you know the only reason i 'm doing this is because you took audrey to
the hospital .
kramer ( <UNK> a pipe ) : yeah , yeah , ok , now uh , you 're clear , you got
everything ?
elaine : yeah .
kramer : wait wait wait wait wait . ( putting a ring on elaine 's finger ) here .
elaine : what do i need this for ?
kramer : because we 're engaged .
elaine : we 're engaged ?
kramer : um hm .
elaine : kramer , this is too big .
kramer ( <UNK> his pipe ) : it 's my mom 's .
a <UNK> man walks around the corner .
landlord : hello ?
elaine : oh , uh , hi . i 'm <UNK> pepper , i 'm albert pepper 's daughter . my father
asked me to come here and pick up his jacket for him .
landlord : oh , hello miss pepper , it 's a pleasure to meet you . ( to kramer ) and
you must be professor von nostrand ?
kramer : yes , yes i am .
landlord : i 've read your book , professor , and i was quite <UNK> by it .
kramer : uh , yes . well , it 's , uh , very <UNK> .
landlord : tell me , is it your contention that <UNK> was an <UNK> ?
kramer : my contention ?
landlord : yes , your contention .
kramer : yes , that 's my contention .
elaine : i heard him <UNK> that .
landlord : it 's too bad about your father .
elaine : oh , it was a <UNK> .
landlord : a fine man , he spoke often of you . he 's very proud of the work
you 're doing .
elaine : oh , well , we 're all proud of the work i 'm doing .
kramer : she does fine work .
landlord : your father gave me <UNK> <UNK> not to turn the jacket over to
anyone , but i suppose i can make an <UNK> in your case . the closet 's this
way .
elaine : how kind of you .
landlord : you know , your father has a very extensive wardrobe .
kramer enters after elaine , banging his pipe on the door frame .

new scene .
jerry 's brain and penis are still playing chess , jerry 's brain appears to have
the upper hand .
jerry 's brain : what 's the matter , fella ? you look a little tired . ha ha ha ha
ha !
isabel : nelson , do n't you see ? you are a part of me , and i , i am a part of
you .
jerry 's penis : it 's killing me . ( makes a move )
jerry 's brain : that 's your move ?
jerry 's penis : yeah .
jerry 's brain : well that 's trouble , my friend . that 's big trouble . <UNK> !
jerry 's penis ( beginning to cough and struggle ) : getting weak ... losing
power ... you have n't seen the last of me . i 'll be back . you 're nothing
without me . nothing !
jerry 's penis disappears with an <UNK> pop .
jerry 's brain ( before <UNK> himself ) : punk .
jerry : isabel , uh , i do n't think this is working .
isabel checks the <UNK> with a <UNK> look on her face .

back to elaine , kramer and the landlord at albert pepper 's apartment .
elaine : <UNK> certainly does have an extensive wardrobe .
landlord : he is a fine <UNK> and i 'm sure i do n't have to tell you he 's quite
popular with the ladies .
elaine : my father , really ? i had no idea .
landlord : yes , they 're crazy about him . there was one in particular , came
around about two years ago , looked a lot like you , professor . could have been
your mother . what was her name again ? <UNK> ? kramer ! that 's it , <UNK>
kramer . <UNK> woman , many a night i had to throw her out on the street , drunken
<UNK> .
kramer : you do n't say ?
elaine : i found it !
landlord : the woman used to walk around here half naked , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> from a
can . her big fat stomach hanging out , <UNK> hose up to her knees ,
screaming down the hall , `` come back to bed , albert , you big <UNK> <UNK> , and bring
back that box of <UNK> ! ''
throughout the landlord 's <UNK> , kramer becomes more and more agitated .
finally , he grabs the pipe out of his mouth .

new scene .
the four are at their usual booth at the coffee shop .
kramer : so i grabbed the guy by the collar .
elaine : yeah , and i yelled out , kramer ! kramer , you 're killing him ! ''
jerry : so i assume the <UNK> was up .
elaine : yeah , pretty much .
kramer shows off the <UNK> of their labor ; he 's wearing the jacket . audrey
walks in , her nose has been <UNK> and she 's absolutely beautiful .
audrey : hi .
elaine : hi !
jerry : hey .
audrey ( to george ) : hello .
george ( <UNK> ) : audrey ? my god , you look incredible ! i ca n't believe it !
audrey ( <UNK> to kramer ) : well , it was his doctor . he was wonderful .
elaine : so , will i see you later tonight ?
audrey : not sure .
kramer ( <UNK> and putting his arm around audrey 's shoulder ) : well , i 'll check
you guys out later . ( to audrey ) ready ?
audrey ( holding up her hand to show the stamp ) : i did n't wash .
kramer : neither did <UNK> we 're off to the reggae lounge .
elaine ( after they leave ) : is n't she beautiful ? her nose is in such perfect
<UNK> with the rest of her face . she 's <UNK> ! who would have
though she 's like --
george ( interrupting ) : elaine . shut up .

closing monologue
the technical term for a nose job is <UNK> . <UNK> , okay ? do we really need to insult the person at this particular moment of their lives ? they know they have a big nose , that 's why they 're coming in . do they really need the abuse of being <UNK> to a <UNK> on top of everything else ? when someone goes in for a hair transplant , they do n't go , `` we 're going to perform a <UNK> on you , mr. johnson . we 're going to <UNK> to remove the <UNK> of your <UNK> which is the technical term . ''
opening monologue
so i was in the drug store the other day , trying to get a cold medication . you ever try and pick one of these out ? it 's not easy . it 's a wall . it 's an entire wall of cold medication , you stand there , you 're going , `` alright , alright , alright , okay , what the hell -- this is quick acting , but this is long lasting . when do i need to feel good , now or later ? '' it 's a tough question . and they always show you the commercials on tv where they show you what 's wrong with the guy , you know ? they always show you , like , all the problems that he's having . first of all , the always show you the human body , which is usually this guy . no face , mouth open , this is how drug companies see the public . and he's always in , like , a certain pain , it 's like red <UNK> <UNK> are going through him or he 's <UNK> , parts of him are on fire sometimes , lightning is attacking him . i never had a doctor say to me , `` are you having any pain ? '' `` yes i am . '' `` are you having any lightning with the pain ? ''
first scene . jerry and george are in a drug store .
jerry : how did you get fleas ?
george : because my cousin 's <UNK> dog was rolling around outside and they got in his carpet .
jerry : maybe you can get yourself a little <UNK> flea collar .
george : that 's not funny . so , are you coming to the party ?
jerry : i 'd go , but long island , it 's so far out , it <UNK> of <UNK> . the whole party , everyone 's gon na be saying to me , `` you came all the way out from manhattan for this ? ''
george : you know ava 's gon na be there .
jerry : who ?
george : the nice one that works in my office .
jerry : nah .
george : i 'll drive .
jerry : oh , well , now you 're talking .
george : it 's supposed to be a good party .
jerry : what does that mean , good dip ?
george : no , there 'll be girls there .
jerry : there 's girls everywhere . i go out of my apartment , there 's girls in the elevator . they 're in <UNK> , subways , so what ?
george : there 's a hundred different things here . what 's the difference between these two ? ( they each grab a box and check the <UNK> ) you got <UNK> ?
jerry : got it .
george : you got <UNK> ?
jerry : i got <UNK> .
george : <UNK> .
jerry : you got <UNK> <UNK> ?
george : got it .
jerry : i have aloe !
george : you got aloe ? i love aloe .
jerry : where do they make yours ?
george : jersey .
jerry : white plains .
george puts down the `` jersey '' box and grabs the `` white plains '' box from jerry and they go to the check out counter . two women are standing at the magazine rack in the <UNK> .
jerry : girls . there 's girls right here in the store . look , look , there 's one over there . look , there 's another one . soon as i walk outside there 'll be girls out there . what 's the matter ?
george : i gave her a twenty , she only gave me change for a ten .
jerry : are you sure ? oh boy , here we go .
george ( to the cashier ) : excuse me , i gave you a twenty <UNK> bill and you only actually gave me change for a ten .
cashier : you gave me a ten .
george : i 'm positive i gave you a twenty .
cashier : i know what you gave me .
george : you owe me ten dollars .
cashier : will you please step aside ? next ?
george : alright , let 's just <UNK> the situation for a second . who , in this situation , would be more likely to make a mistake ? me , who had <UNK> to my wallet , knew exactly what was in there ? or you --
cashier : you .
george : no , no , no , see you 're not really listening .
security guard : what 's the problem here ?
george : no problem . there 's no problem . she just owes me ten dollars , that's all .
cashier : he 's <UNK> short .
security guard : alright , let 's just take it outside .
george : oh , so you do n't believe me either ?
security guard : come on , let 's go .
george : you have n't won . you may think you 've won , but you have n't won . do you know why ? it 's not over . this is not over . i 'm not forgetting what's happening here . you have my ten dollars . i will get it back . alright , don't worry . it 's not over . i 'm going now . good bye . i will be back .
new scene . george , elaine and jerry enter the party and stand by the door .
elaine : well do n't stand here , let 's walk in , blend in , blend in .
jerry : no , let 's <UNK> first . camp here .
george ( waving ) : eva .
a beautiful woman starts walking over .
jerry : what could <UNK> anyone to throw a party ? i mean , to have a bunch of strangers treat your house like a hotel room .
ava : so , guess who just sold 129 west 81st .
george : oh no you did n't . get out , when ?
ava : yesterday
george : i do n't believe it .
ava : ask mark .
george : mark , is this true ?
a man across the room nods . george and ava walk towards him .
jerry : yeah , this has got <UNK> written all over it .
elaine : how did i ever let you talk me into this , i must have been out of my mind .
jerry : now listen , let 's keep an eye on each other tonight . in case one of us gets in a bad conversation , we should have a signal that you 're in trouble so the other one can get us out of it .
elaine : how old are you ?
jerry : <UNK> . what 's the signal ? howbout this ? chicken <UNK> ? no , no , no , i got a better one . head patting .
elaine : whatever you want .
fast forward a bit , jerry is sitting on the couch with a <UNK> .
guy : you came all the way out from manhattan for this ?
jerry : yeah , yeah i did .
guy : so what do you do ?
jerry ( patting his head ) : i 'm a comedian .
guy : are you ? <UNK> me ask you something . where do you get your material ?
jerry ( still patting ) : i hear a voice .
guy : what kind of voice ?
jerry : a man 's voice , but he speaks in <UNK> so i have to get a <UNK> .
guy : how come you keep tapping your head .
jerry : it 's a nervous <UNK> . i 'm on <UNK> .
cut to elaine , engaged in a conversation with another guy and patting her head .
guy : on the other hand , you take a guy like george washington <UNK> . the man <UNK> his whole life to the peanut . imagine having so much <UNK> for something .
cut back to jerry and his 'guy ' .
guy : ya know , people tell me i 'm a funny guy .
cut back to elaine and her 'guy ' . she 's still tapping <UNK> .
guy : i 've often wondered if he ever worked with the <UNK> .
elaine : yeah , me too .
guy : now is that <UNK> a nut , because i know the <UNK> is a <UNK> .
cut to george , now talking with jerry .
george : how 's it going ?
jerry : great , how about you ?
george : i ca n't believe what 's happening here . she has n't taken her hands off me all night . she was always friendly around the office , but that was it .
jerry : how do you account for this ?
george : i do n't know , maybe a safe fell on her head .
jerry : well , she obviously liked you all along .
george : no , i would have picked up on it . i can always tell when a woman likes me , they always somehow let you know . with me , they could <UNK> me , i would n't tell them . if anything i 'd try to make them think i do n't like them , then they think , `` oh , look at this guy , he 's not even looking at me , he must have something going for him . ''
jerry : anyway , i 'm ready to go .
george : now ?
jerry : if not now , when ?
george : gim me a half-hour .
jerry : okay , half-hour .
cut to elaine and the <UNK> guy ' . by now , she 's <UNK> from tapping .
guy : peanut <UNK> , peanut <UNK> , peanut oil ...
jerry ( interrupting ) : can i talk to you for a second ?
elaine : oh , excuse me . ( gets up to talk with jerry ) what have you been doing , i 've been smacking myself <UNK> . people think i 'm a mental patient .
jerry : hey , i was dying over there .
elaine : this guy 's going off on the peanut . now pay attention .
fast forward a bit , a woman ( ellen ) is talking to jerry .
ellen : yeah , i think i 've seen you in a club . you talk about a lot of every day things , right ?
jerry : right .
ellen : yeah , i remember you .
ellen turns her back and the camera <UNK> out to elaine , sitting on the couch near a pretentious woman .
woman : i wonder what happened to my fianc . i know he 's here somewhere . ellen ? have you seen my fianc ?
ellen : he 's upstairs .
woman : are you going upstairs ? tell my fianc i 'm looking for him . i have lost my fianc , the poor baby .
elaine : maybe the dingo ate your baby .
woman : what ?
elaine : the dingo ate your baby !
cut to george and jerry .
jerry : you ready ?
george : listen , i have a tremendous favor to ask .
jerry : i do favors .
george : i think something 's happening here .
jerry : what ?
george : i think she wants me to take her home .
jerry : wow .
george : what should i do ?
jerry : go ! what could you do ?
george : what about you and elaine ?
jerry : we 'll get a ride .
george : are you sure ?
jerry : we 'll be fine , what did she say ?
george : she told me she wants -- ( pauses until a woman coming down the stairs passes ) she told me she wants me to make love to her .
jerry : what ? she said that ?
george : yeah .
jerry : get out of here .
george : i swear .
jerry : what did you say ?
george : i , i , i ca n't .
jerry : what did you say ?
george : please , it 's --
jerry : what ?
george : i ... i ... i long for you .
jerry : i long for you ?
george : i was so shocked i was lucky i said anything .
jerry : it 's okay , that 's not bad .
george : i do n't like when a woman says , <UNK> love to me ' , it 's intimidating . the last time a woman said that to me , i <UNK> up <UNK> to her .
jerry : really ?
george : that 's a lot of pressure . make love to me . what am i , in the <UNK> ? what if i ca n't <UNK> ?
jerry : oh , come on .
george : i ca n't perform under pressure . that 's why i never play anything for money , i choke . i could choke tonight . and she works in my office , can you imagine ? she goes around telling everyone what happened ? maybe i should cancel , i have a very bad feeling about this .
jerry : george , you 're thinking too much .
george : i know , i know , i ca n't stop it !
cut to elaine , talking with yet another guy on the couch .
elaine : well , right now i 'm reading manuscripts for pendant publishing .
jerry ( walking up ) : pendant ? those bastards .
elaine : excuse me .
jerry : listen , george is going home with this ava from his office
elaine : really ? huh . what a world . so we can go now ?
jerry : uh , no , he 's taking the car .
elaine : well , what are we gon na do for a ride ?
jerry : i do n't know .
elaine : you do n't know ?
jerry : maybe kramer can come pick us up .
elaine : oh great , oh , this is great . how could you let him take the car ?
jerry : there 's nothing i could do , it 's part of the code .
mid-episode monologue
all plans between men are <UNK> . if one man should suddenly have an opportunity to <UNK> a woman , it 's like these two guys never met each other ever in life . this is the male code . and it does n't matter how important the <UNK> are , i mean , most of the time when they <UNK> a space <UNK> <UNK> it 's because one of the astronauts met someone on his way to the launch pad . they hold that <UNK> . he 's <UNK> against the <UNK> talking to her , '' so listen , when i get back what do you say we get together for some <UNK> ? ''
elaine ( noticing ava in a fur ) : oh look at that . look at what she 's wearing . you see what she 's wearing ?
jerry : yeah , yeah , alright .
elaine : i ca n't believe she 's walking around in that .
jerry : just do n't make a scene .
elaine : hey , is that real fur ?
jerry : oh boy .
eva : it better be or my <UNK> owes me an explanation .
george : yeah , good night .
elaine : you do n't care that innocent <UNK> animals are being <UNK> so that you can look good ?
george : could we talk about this some other time ?
ava : are you a <UNK> ?
jerry : here we go .
elaine : yeah , i eat fish occasionally .
ava : so you 're a <UNK> .
george : hey , i 've eaten <UNK> , so nobody 's perfect . <UNK>
ava : well , talk to me when you stop eating fish .
elaine : fish do n't feel any pain .
ava : how do you know ? do you communicate with fish ?
elaine : well , they 're not kept in little <UNK> .
ava : ever seen a goldfish ?
george : goldfish .
elaine : yeah , yeah i 've seen goldfish . they 're not <UNK> .
ava : oh yeah , right . swim around in a bowl for two weeks and get <UNK> down the toilet , that 's a good life . ( to george ) let 's go .
elaine : oh yeah , that 's right . go ahead , go ahead , maybe you can run over a <UNK> !
george : that 's why we 're here in america .
jerry : you 're beautiful .
elaine : call kramer .
jerry : alright . ( approaches host ) excuse me , this is your party , right ?
steve : no , i just live here .
jerry : can i use your phone ?
steve : what 's in it for me ?
jerry : a bigger bill ?
steve : he he , go for it .
jerry picks up the phone and dials .
jerry : <UNK> ? <UNK> . what are you doing ? well , i 'm <UNK> out here on long island . what are your thoughts about taking a ride ? you sure ? okay , but don't leave me hanging here . okay , great . let me give you directions .
cut to <UNK> hours later . the party has ended . the <UNK> , steve and jenny , are cleaning up , elaine and jerry are still there .
elaine : you sure you do n't need any help ?
jenny : no , not really .
jerry : i 'm sure he 'll be here any minute .
jenny ( to steve ) : i want them out of here .
elaine : call him again .
jerry : i called , what should i do ? ( to jenny ) we really appreciate this .
jenny ( to steve ) : it 's two o'clock in the morning .
jerry ( noticing a coffee table book ) : oh , you got the civil war book . i saw some of that show , it was wonderful .
elaine : six hundred and twenty <UNK> people died .
jerry : thousand .
elaine : thousand . six hundred and twenty thousand . the horror , the horror . ( to jerry ) the wife keeps giving us dirty looks . are you sure you gave him the right directions ?
jerry : yes . ( to jenny ) you 're sure there 's nothing we can do ?
jenny : no ! ( to steve ) i am not going to bed with them in out house , this is ridiculous .
jerry : you know a friend of my father 's used to live right around here . mike <UNK> . he sold plastic straws . you know the ones ? you could bend them .
elaine : have you noticed , people do n't use straws as much as they used to for some reason .
jenny : you know , it does n't look as if your friend is coming .
jerry : oh , he 's coming .
jenny : maybe you should take a look at a <UNK> <UNK> .
jenny sees a figure outside the kitchen window and screams .
jerry : that 's him .
jenny : i 'm going to bed !
elaine : thanks a lot .
jerry : thanks , great party .
as jenny storms up the stairs there 's a knock at the door , steve answers .
kramer : hey , how ya doing ?
steve : ah , look who 's here .
kramer : i 'm sorry .
jerry : hey , it 's okay .
kramer : i had the directions on the seat right next to me , they <UNK> out the window .
elaine : then how did you find the place ?
kramer : well i knew the exit on the long island expressway , and i thought that the address was <UNK> <UNK> drive . uh uh , so i drove around knocking on everybody 's doors that had those <UNK> ; <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> . finally , i hit it . <UNK> .
jerry : anyway , thanks a lot for letting us stay here , steve , i really owe you one .
steve : no problem .
jerry : and if you 're ever in the city , you know , you want to come to a comedy club , whatever .
steve : hey , i might take you up on that .
jerry ( writing ) : here 's my address and number . and really , thanks again .
kramer ( to elaine ) : you better <UNK> up . i could n't get the top on the <UNK> up .
elaine : but it 's cold out .
kramer : yeah , wait till we get on the expressway .
new scene . jerry 's at his apartment , talking on the phone .
jerry : george , i 've been sick all week . elaine was too . <UNK> <UNK> an hour , forty degree temperature for fifty minutes . do the <UNK> . yeah , maybe i will get out . hey , let me just stop off at the drug store first . okay , meet me down there in <UNK> minutes then we 'll go do something . yeah , <UNK> 's . okay bye .
jerry hangs up and grabs his coat and there 's a knock at the door .
jerry : who is it ?
voice : mr. <UNK> .
jerry : who ?
voice : you mean you do n't recognize my voice ?
jerry opens the door . steve steps in .
steve : jerry , baby !
jerry : do i know you ?
steve : boy this comedy 's really <UNK> your brain .
jerry : i 'm sorry , <UNK>
steve : see , this is the kind of lasting impression i make on people .
jerry : oh , okay .
steve : you said if i was ever in the city , i 'm in the city .
jerry : you certainly are . what 's going on ?
steve : i 'm just waiting for a lift back to the island , he wo n't be ready until eleven , so i figured i 'd give you a break . i thought i 'd see what it was like to hang out with someone in show business .
jerry : listen , i 'm really sorry but i 'm just on my way out to meet a friend .
steve : oh , come on , you can come up with something better than that .
jerry : no , really , i just got off the phone with him .
steve : i understand .
jerry : look , you can hang out here if you want .
steve : do n't be so enthusiastic .
jerry : no , <UNK>
steve : i 'm not gon na steal anything .
jerry : no , of course not , just close the door when you leave .
steve : i think i can do that .
jerry : really , i 'm sorry . maybe another time .
steve : yeah . let 's have lunch .
new scene . jerry and george are at the drug store .
jerry : they guy 's in my house right now . what a mistake that party was , i never should have gone .
george : yeah , me either .
jerry : oh , come on .
george : what come on ? have you ever <UNK> a woman that worked in your office ?
jerry : i 've never had a job .
george : you know the <UNK> you feel on a date ? that 's what i have every day now . my worst <UNK> 's come true , every day is a date .
jerry : that 's one of <UNK> 's nine <UNK> of hell , is n't it ?
george : ava was one of the reasons i used to like going to work , she was a friend . now we sleep together and suddenly , i do n't know how to talk to her . every time i go to the bathroom i pass her desk . i have to plan little <UNK> . i spend half my day writing . then afterwards , i sit in my office and <UNK> how it went . if it was a good conversation , i do n't go to the bathroom for the rest of the day . i see her laughing and talking with other people , they 're all so loose and relaxed , i think , <UNK> used to be me . i want to go back there again . '
jerry : what are you gon na do ?
george : i have no choice , i 'm <UNK> .
cut back to steve sitting alone on jerry 's couch watching tv . kramer walks in and it takes a moment for him to recognize the <UNK> .
kramer : the party , long island ?
steve : kramer , right ?
kramer : hey , what are you doing here ?
steve : i 'm waiting for my ride .
kramer : where 's jerry ?
steve : he split . let me ask you something . is there anything to drink in here or is that , like , a stupid question ?
kramer : well , jerry , he does n't have anything . ( <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ) well , but i might have something .
cut back to jerry and george at the drugstore . jerry is selecting medication .
jerry : alright , i 'm gon na get this . this looks good .
george : how much is that ?
jerry : nine sixty .
george : nine sixty ? give it to me .
jerry : why ?
george : do n't worry , i got it .
jerry : what do you mean , you got it ?
george : i got it .
george takes the box and begins to place it in his jacket .
jerry : since when are you <UNK> me to medicine ? what are you doing ? you're stealing this , are n't you ?
george : i 'm not stealing it . they owe me ten dollars . they stole from me .
jerry : you 're a lunatic .
george : i have to do this , it 's a matter of <UNK> .
jerry : what do you say to a person like you ?
george : just walk .
jerry : oh .
a security guard approaches george .
security guard : <UNK> me . what do you got there ?
george : what ?
security guard : what do you got in your shirt ?
george : oh , i was gon na pay for this .
security guard ( grabbing george by the elbow and walking him to the counter ) : come with me .
george ( nervous ) : where are you taking me ? i was gon na pay for it .
cashier : <UNK> .
security guard : you do n't think i remember you ?
george ( more nervous ) : what are you talking about ?
security guard : i know who you are , i was watching you .
george ( panicky ) : what are you gon na do ? are you gon na call the police ?
the security guard <UNK> george away and jerry steps to the counter .
jerry : can i still buy this or is this evidence now ?
cut back to kramer and steve , they 're obviously <UNK> . kramer is in the middle of a story .
kramer : so , i 'm <UNK> these doves down the street and she 's screaming at the top of her <UNK> , and then when the magician comes back from <UNK> , two of them turned brown ! well i followed the instructions !
they both erupt in <UNK> laughter .
steve ( hysterical ) : ah , they turned brown ! ! brown ! ! ( the laughter winds down ) so let me ask you something , you know any women we could call ?
kramer : not really .
steve : maybe we should call one of those escort <UNK> . i saw one of them <UNK> before on the cable station .
kramer ( handing steve the phone ) <UNK> .
steve : hey , you want in on this ?
kramer : no , i got a girl in the next building
new scene . jerry is outside his apartment door , as he puts in the key , he hears a <UNK> voice from inside .
voice : now i want my money , mister , and i ai n't leaving until i get it . now i am through playing games with you , i got things to do .
steve ( drunk and <UNK> ) : oh jerry ! jerry ! look who 's here , it 's jerry
jerry : what the hell ?
steve : jerry , this is patti .
jerry : nice to meet you .
patti : it 's a pleasure to make your acquaintance , i 'm sure .
jerry : what the hell is going on here ?
steve : i do n't know , but i got ta do this more often . ( the buzzer goes off ) ooh , there 's my ride , finally .
patti : i 'm not gon na go anywhere until i get the rest of my money .
steve : see ya , <UNK> . and tell kramer thanks and i 'll call him tomorrow .
jerry : oh , kramer huh ?
steve : yeah , he 's a <UNK> . oh , goodbye , my dear . ( trying to kiss patti 's hand as she pulls it away ) <UNK> . ( to jerry ) weekend of the <UNK> , come on out , we 're having another party .
steve walks out , leaving the front door open .
patti : i ai n't leaving .
jerry : patti ?
patti : you got anything to drink ?
jerry : alright , how much does he owe you ?
patti : fifty dollars .
jerry ( taking out his wallet and handing over bills <UNK> ) : fifty dollars .
in <UNK> , a police officer walks through the open door .
cop : this your apartment ?
jerry : yeah , but --
cop : you 're under <UNK> for <UNK> of <UNK> .
jerry : wait a second , i --
elaine walks in .
elaine : i brought you chicken soup . ( to patti ) is that real fur ?
jerry ( and the cop , in <UNK> ) : oh boy .
new scene . jerry and george are at jerry 's apartment , watching tv and eating pizza .
george : you had <UNK> . chadway ? me too .
jerry : he was a nice guy .
george : oh , great guy .
jerry : was there a <UNK> guy there ?
george : the one with the long <UNK> ?
jerry : yeah .
george : where does he come off ?
jerry : yeah , i know . there 's no call for that kind of attitude .
george : one of the guys in my <UNK> threw a piece of gum at him .
jerry : oh , we all hated him .
closing monologue .
there 's two <UNK> of favors , the big favor and the small favor . you can <UNK> the size of the favor by the pause that a person takes after they ask you to 'do me a favor . ' small favor , small pause . can you do me a favor , hand me that <UNK> ? no pause at all . big favors are , <UNK> you do me a favor ... ' ( huge pause , followed by closing credits . )
opening monologue . seems to me the way they design the car alarm is so that the car will <UNK> as if it was a nervous hysterical person . anyone goes near it , anyone <UNK> it , it 's <UNK> ! <UNK> <UNK> on and off , acting all crazy . not everybody wants to <UNK> that much attention to themselves , would n't it be nice if you could have a car alarm that was a little more <UNK> ? you know , somebody tries to break in , it goes , `` ahem . ahem . excuse me ? '' i would like a car alarm like that .
first scene . jerry and george are entering jerry 's apartment .
jerry : do you believe this ? the car was parked right out front .
george : was the alarm on ?
jerry : i do n't know , i guess it was on . i do n't know my alarm sound ; i 'm not <UNK> in to it like it 's my son .
george : i do n't understand , how do these <UNK> start the car ?
jerry : they cross the wires or something .
george : cross the wires ? i ca n't even make a pot of <UNK> .
kramer enters .
jerry : they stole my car .
kramer : who did ?
jerry : they did .
kramer : was it more than just one ?
jerry : what should i do , should i call the police ?
kramer : what are they gon na do ?
jerry : i 'd better call the car phone company , cancel my service .
george : maybe you should call your car phone .
jerry : yeah , he 's probably driving it right now .
george : wait a minute , call the car phone , see what happens .
jerry : are you serious ?
george : yeah , go ahead , call .
jerry : i do n't even know if i remember the number .
jerry dials .
jerry : what do i say if he picks up ?
car thief : hello ?
jerry : hello ? is this <UNK> ?
car thief : i have no idea .
jerry : can i ask you a question ?
car thief : sure .
jerry : did you steal my car ?
car thief : yes i did .
jerry : you did ? !
car thief : i did .
jerry : that 's my car !
car thief : i did n't know it was yours .
jerry : what are you gon na do with it ?
car thief : i dunno , drive around .
jerry : then can i have it back ?
car thief : <UNK> , nah , i 'm gon na keep it .
kramer gestures for jerry to hand him the phone .
kramer : hello ?
car thief : yeah , who 's this ?
kramer : kramer .
car thief : hello , kramer .
kramer : listen , there 's a pair of gloves in the glove compartment .
car thief : wait , hold on ... brown ones ?
kramer : yeah . listen , could you mail those to me ? or bring them by my building , it 's 129 west 81st <UNK> .
car thief : <UNK> , okay .
kramer : thanks a lot , uh here 's jerry .
jerry ( <UNK> at kramer ) : gloves . ( into the phone ) hello ?
car thief : jerry ?
jerry : yeah , let me ask you a question . how do you cross those wires ?
car thief : i did n't cross any wires , the keys were in it .
jerry : sid left the keys in the car . alright , i got ta go . drive <UNK> .
car thief : jerry , when 's the last time you had a <UNK> ? because i ca n't find the --
jerry hangs up .
jerry : sid left the keys in the car .
george : who 's sid ?
jerry : he 's this guy in the neighborhood , parks cars on the block .
george : what do you mean ?
jerry : he moves them from one side of the street to the other so you do n't get a ticket .
george : what , do you pay him for that ?
jerry : yeah , like fifty bucks a month .
george : how many people does he do that for ?
jerry : the whole block , forty , fifty cars .
kramer : he only works three hours a day . he makes a fortune . course he 's been doing that for years , right jerry ?
george : could anybody do that ?
sid enters .
jerry : hey sid , what happened ?
sid : i 'm sorry , jerry . maybe i 'm getting too old for this stuff .
jerry : you left the keys in the car ?
sid : well , you know they 're making that woody allen movie in the block , and all those people and trucks everywhere , when i saw him i must have got a little distracted .
kramer : you know i 'm in that movie ?
george : you are ?
kramer : yeah , i 'm an extra .
george : how 'd you get that ?
kramer : well , i was just watching them film yesterday and some guy just asked me .
george : right out of the clear blue sky ?
kramer : clear blue sky !
george : well , why did n't they ask me ?
kramer : i got a <UNK> .
sid : jerry , you got insurance , right ?
jerry : yeah , but no car . i 'll have to rent one .
sid : well i 'm going down to visit my sister in virginia next wednesday , for a week , so i ca n't park it .
jerry : this wednesday ?
sid : no , next wednesday , week after this wednesday .
jerry : but the wednesday two days from now is the next wednesday .
sid : if i meant this wednesday , i would have said this wednesday . it 's the week after this wednesday .
george : sid , who 's gon na move the cars while you 're away ?
sid : whoever wants to move them , why do i care who moves them ? they can move themselves if they want .
george : maybe i could move them until you get back .
sid : what 's a young man like you want to move cars for ? you do n't work ?
george : i 'm in a <UNK> phase right now .
sid : well if you want to move the cars , move the cars . just do n't forget to take the keys out , that 's all .
phone rings .
jerry : hello ? yeah , the <UNK> 's the one on the bottom , just slide it all the way over . you 're welcome .
new scene . jerry and elaine are in line at the rental car agency .
elaine : i 'm in <UNK> of his <UNK> , when he talks it sounds like he 's reading from one of his <UNK> .
jerry : owen march , i never heard of him .
elaine : well , he 's not a baseball player .
jerry : yeah , that 's true . well it sounds like it 's going pretty good .
elaine : yeah . well , there is one little problem .
jerry : what 's that ?
elaine : he 's sixty-six years old .
rental car agent : next please .
elaine : well , go , go .
agent : can i help you ? name please ?
jerry : seinfeld . i made a reservation for a mid-size , and she 's a small . i'm kidding around , of course .
agent : okay , let 's see here .
jerry : sixty-six years old ?
elaine : yeah , well , he 's in perfect health . he works out , he 's vibrant . you'd really like him .
jerry : why do people always say that ? i hate everyone , why would i like him ?
elaine : what do you think , would you go out with a sixty-six year old woman ?
jerry : well , i 'll tell you , she would have to be really vibrant . so vibrant , she 'd be <UNK> .
agent : i 'm sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .
jerry : i do n't understand , i made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?
agent : yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .
jerry : but the reservation keeps the car here . that 's why you have the reservation .
agent : i know why we have reservations .
jerry : i do n't think you do . if you did , i 'd have a car . see , you know how to take the reservation , you just do n't know how to * hold * the reservation and that 's really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . anybody can just take them .
agent : let me , uh , speak with my supervisor .
the agent goes into an office with a window in the door so she can be seen speaking with someone .
jerry : uh , here we go . the supervisor . you know what she 's saying over there ?
elaine : what ?
jerry : hey <UNK> , you see those two people over there ? they think i 'm talking to you , so you pretend like you 're talking to me , okay now you start talking .
elaine : oh , you mean like this ? so it looks like i 'm saying something but i'm not really saying anything at all ?
jerry : now you say something else and they wo n't yell at me 'cause they thought i was checking with you .
elaine : okay , that 's it . i think that 's enough , see you later .
the agent returns .
agent : i 'm sorry , my supervisor says there 's nothing we can do .
jerry : yeah , it looked as if you were in a real conversation over there .
agent : but we do have a compact if you would like that .
jerry : fine .
agent : alright . we have a blue <UNK> escort for you mr. seinfeld . would you like insurance ?
jerry : yeah , you better give me the insurance , because i am gon na beat the hell out of this car .
agent : please fill this out .
elaine : what do you think , you think i 'm making a big mistake ?
jerry : hey , if you enjoy being with him , that 's what 's important .
elaine : i love being with him . i mean , i like being with him . it 's okay being with him .
new scene . elaine and jerry are at jerry 's apartment .
elaine : i just do n't enjoy being with him .
jerry : well that 's what 's important .
elaine : i 'm meeting him for lunch at chadway 's around the corner , do i have to break up with him face to face or can i just wait and do it over the phone ?
jerry : how many times you been out with him ?
elaine : seven ?
jerry : face to face .
elaine : seven dates is a <UNK> break up ?
jerry : if it was six i could have let you go , but seven , i 'm afraid , is over the <UNK> . unless , of course , there was no sex .
elaine : hmm ... how 's the pasta over there ?
kramer enters , as he 's walking in , george rushes in , pushes him out of the way and heads for the kitchen sink .
kramer : whoa , whoa ! !
jerry : what is going on out there ?
george : i need like a bucket of water ! i got a car <UNK> , i got an alarm that wo n't go off , i 'm pressing <UNK> ' , i 'm pressing <UNK> ' , nothing ! what do i do ? ! help me ! help me !
george runs off into the bathroom .
kramer : hey , you know they were supposed to do my scene today ?
elaine : today ? !
kramer : you know they told me that they wanted me to walk down the block carrying this bag of <UNK> .
elaine : yeah .
kramer : so i start to walk , and i trip , and the grocery bag goes flying , and woody , woody starts laughing .
elaine : he was laughing ? !
kramer : oh yeah , he was drinking something , it started to come out of his nose .
jerry : so then what ?
kramer : i got a line in the movie !
elaine : get out !
jerry : that 's great !
george : you got a line in the woody allen movie ?
kramer : pretty good , huh ?
george : you 're in the movie ? is he in the scene ?
kramer : oh yeah , yeah , it 's me and him . i might have a whole new career on my hands , huh ?
jerry : you mean * a * career .
elaine : so was <UNK> <UNK> there ?
kramer : uh , i did n't see him .
elaine : what 's your line ?
kramer : oh , well uh , okay i 'm there with , uh , woody , you know , i 'm at this bar and , uh , i 'm sit -- you know it 's woody allen , did i mention that ?
the other three <UNK> encourage kramer to continue .
kramer : so i 'm sitting there with woody and i say , i turn to him and i go , '' boy , these pretzels are making me thirsty . ''
george : is that how you 're gon na say it ?
kramer : no , no , i 'm working on it .
elaine : do it like this . `` these pretzels are making me thirsty . ''
jerry : no . `` these pretzels are making me thirsty . ''
kramer : no , no . see , that 's no good . see , you do n't know how to act .
george : `` these pretzels are making me thirsty ! ! ''
jerry <UNK> his nose .
george : that was no good ?
kramer : i did n't say anything .
elaine : i 'm gon na go break up with owen .
george : what was wrong with that ? i had a different <UNK> ! do you know anything about this pretzel guy ? ! maybe he 's been in the bar a really long time and he 's really depressed because he has no job and no woman and he's parking cars for a living ! ( out the window to <UNK> cars ) alright ! alright ! shut up ! shut up ! i hear you ! i 'm coming down ! these pretzels are making me thirsty !
george storms out .
new scene . still jerry 's apartment , some time later . there 's a <UNK> on the door , jerry opens it and elaine enters with an unconscious older man .
jerry : oh my god .
elaine : call an ambulance .
jerry : boy , he took it hard .
new scene . owen is now lying on jerry 's couch and elaine is <UNK> what happened .
elaine : we were walking down the block right by your house and i was just about to break up with him then all of a sudden he started to <UNK> .
jerry ( on the phone ) : hello ? yes , i need an ambulance at one twenty nine west <UNK> street , apartment <UNK> .
elaine : tell then to hurry ! hurry !
jerry ( to elaine ) : it 's an ambulance . ( to the operator ) i do n't know but he's unconscious .
kramer enters .
kramer : these pretzels are making me thirsty . ( he bites into a pretzel . ) boy , these pretzels are making me thirsty .
jerry : kramer .
kramer : what happened here ?
elaine : i do n't know , i do n't know , what should we do ? we called an ambulance , does anyone know first aid ?
jerry : should n't you do something with the extremities ?
elaine : what extremities ?
kramer : what 's an <UNK> ?
jerry : you raise the feet , get blood to the head .
kramer : you raise the head , you get blood to the feet .
elaine : okay , what about a cold <UNK> ? they always do that .
jerry : i do n't have a washcloth .
elaine : well use a paper towel .
jerry : you ca n't put a paper towel on his head .
kramer : what about a big sponge ?
jerry : how you gon na hold it on there ?
kramer : use a belt .
elaine : no no no no no , that 'll , it 'll <UNK> all over him .
jerry : should we walk him around ?
elaine and kramer ( at the same time ) : yes , yes .
kramer : yeah , i 've seen them do that .
jerry : no , no that 's for a drug overdose .
kramer : maybe that 's what he 's got .
elaine : no no no no , kramer , i just had lunch with him , he did n't leave the table .
kramer : well he could have <UNK> <UNK> when you were n't looking .
elaine : he is not a drug <UNK> !
jerry : hey , you know what ? maybe he 's a <UNK> , he might just need a cookie or something .
elaine : a cookie !
kramer : can you give him a cookie ?
elaine : how 's he gon na chew it ?
jerry : we 'll move his teeth , it happened to my uncle , the sugar <UNK> him .
kramer puts a cookie into owen 's mouth and starts working his <UNK> up and down .
elaine : careful , you 're getting crumbs all over him .
kramer : i got him chewing but i do n't think he 's gon na <UNK> .
elaine : you know what , let 's put a few cookies in a blender and he could drink it .
jerry : cookies do n't liquefy .
elaine : yes they do , you can liquefy a cookie .
kramer : alright i 'll get a blender .
jerry : what blender ? i do n't have a blender .
kramer : you got a blender .
jerry : i would know if i had a blender .
elaine : where is the ambulance ? !
just then a siren can be heard followed by a <UNK> sound followed by a crashing sound .
the frame <UNK> out and in as if to show time passing .
jerry ( on phone ) : hello , yes , i called for an ambulance like thirty-five minutes ago .
elaine : i ca n't believe what 's going on out here .
jerry : this is an emergency , what 's taking so long ? ( the door buzzer buzzes ) wait a second , maybe that 's them . ( <UNK> button ) hello ?
voice : paramedics .
jerry : come on up . okay , they 're here .
elaine : he seems to be breathing .
jerry : ya know , i got ta tell you , he 's a pretty <UNK> guy .
elaine : i know .
jerry : those eyebrows could use a <UNK> , you ever mention that to him ?
elaine : almost .
jerry : hey , look at this , c'mon , running wild there .
elaine : it 's not an easy thing to bring up .
jerry : yeah , that 's true .
elaine : aw , you should see his bathrobe , man , it 's all <UNK> .
jerry : yeah ? does he wear slippers ? i bet he wears slippers .
elaine : he does , how 'd you know that ?
jerry : i could tell .
two paramedics enter with a <UNK> .
elaine : what happened , what took you so long ? !
paramedic : we got here twenty minutes ago but we could n't move , the whole <UNK> is <UNK> , i 've never seen anything like it . so finally we make the turn and this guy who 's running around <UNK> cars slammed into us with a blue escort .
jerry : blue escort ? that 's my rent-a-car !
george enters , <UNK> his forehead with a washcloth .
george : oh man .
jerry : what happened to the car ?
george : sorry , you do n't know what 's going on out there ! ( looks at owen ) who 's he ?
elaine : this guy i 'm seeing .
george : what happened ?
jerry : we do n't know !
paramedic : who put cookies in his mouth ?
jerry and elaine : cookies ?
paramedic : you 're not supposed to do that .
jerry : so how 'd you hit the car ?
george : i was moving it across the street , i looked up and i saw woody allen and i got all distracted .
jerry : it 's not even my car , it 's a rental .
kramer enters .
kramer : what are you doing out there ? ! you 're holding up the production of the movie ! we ca n't shoot and woody , he 's really mad at you .
george : woody mentioned me ? what did he say ?
kramer : he said , <UNK> 's the moron in the blue jacket who 's got the street all screwed up ? '
george : should i apologize to woody ?
kramer : alright , i 'll tell you what . next time i talk to him , maybe i 'll bring it up . i 'll feel him out .
mid-episode monologue . what do you think first aid was like though , like hundreds of years ago ? you know , i mean they had no medicine , no drugs , no <UNK> , no <UNK> . <UNK> , they were there first . that was it , that was the whole first aid . they sit with you . that 's all they could do . <UNK> you help me ? ' <UNK> , no we ca n't help you , we were the first ones here , i do n't know if you know that . did you see out <UNK> ? first aid , that 's our <UNK> . we show up before anybody . '
new scene . jerry , george and sid are in jerry 's apartment .
sid : now you did n't tell me you did n't know how to drive . you should have mentioned that .
george : well i know how to drive .
sid : then how 'd all those cars get damaged ? why are people calling me up screaming on the phone ? most of them cancelled out on me .
jerry : can i get anybody anything ?
sid : moving cars from one side of the street to the other do n't take no more sense than putting on a pair of pants . my question to you is who 's putting your pants on ?
george : i put my pants on , sid .
sid : i do n't believe you . if you can put your pants on , you can move those cars .
george : well i do n't want to get into a big dispute about the pants .
sid : who 's gon na send money to my sister in virginia ? her little boy needs surgery on his foot . now he 'll be walking around with a <UNK> because you can't park a few cars .
george : maybe i could call my father .
kramer enters holding a newspaper .
kramer : hey , you seen the paper yet ?
jerry : <UNK> enough , no , <UNK> as it is my paper .
kramer : yeah . there 's an <UNK> in there about that writer .
jerry ( reading ) owen march , <UNK> <UNK> and <UNK> <UNK> a <UNK> yesterday in the upper west side apartment of a friend .
kramer : uh huh , that 's the guy that was here . you 're the friend .
jerry ( continuing ) : the <UNK> of the damage would have been far less <UNK> had paramedics been able to reach him sooner .
sid : oh lord .
jerry ( finishing ) : the <UNK> also <UNK> production of a woody allen movie that was shooting up the block . a <UNK> for the <UNK> <UNK> said that mr. allen was extremely agitated and wondered if his days of shooting movies in new york were over .
new scene . elaine and jerry are back at the car rental agency , jerry 's eating a bag of pretzels .
elaine : five seconds . jerry , i was five seconds away from breaking up with him . five seconds . the next words out of my mouth were , <UNK> , it 's over . '
jerry : can he communicate ?
elaine : yeah , well , he nods . and i think he understands me , he seems to enjoy it when i read to him .
jerry : alright , she 's free . ( steps up to the counter ) hi , i called before , uh , my car got smashed .
elaine : so listen , what should i do ? i mean if i break up with him now <UNK> look like i 'm <UNK> him because of his <UNK> , i 'll be <UNK> from the community .
jerry : what community ? there 's a community ?
elaine : of course there 's a community .
jerry : all these years i 'm living in a community , i had no idea .
agent : sir the <UNK> on the damage to your car is two thousand eight hundred and sixty-six dollars .
jerry : hmm , well , i got the insurance and everything so ...
agent : yes , now , uh , in your report you said that you were not the driver of the car at the time of the accident .
jerry : that is right , somebody else was driving .
agent : alright , well , sir , you 're only covered for when you 're driving the car .
jerry : uh huh , what 's that ?
agent : you 're not covered for other drivers .
jerry : other drivers ?
agent : um hm .
jerry : your whole business is based on other drivers . it 's a <UNK> car . that 's who 's driving it , other drivers . does n't my <UNK> card cover me or something ?
agent : not that particular one .
jerry : well i got a hundred cards , here , pick a card , take a card , any card you want , go ahead , <UNK> one , i do n't care .
agent : sir , if you had read the rental <UNK> --
jerry : did you see the size of that <UNK> ? it 's like the <UNK> of <UNK> , who 's gon na read that ?
agent : mr. seinfeld , as it stands right now , you are not covered for that damage and there is absolutely nothing that can be done about that .
jerry : these pretzels are making me thirsty .
new scene . elaine and owen are at owen 's apartment , owen is in a <UNK> and in generally <UNK> as elaine <UNK> him soup .
elaine : ahh , it 's good , is n't it ? yankee bean . why yankee bean , huh ? don't they have beans in the south ? i mean if you order yankee bean in the south , are they <UNK> ? huh ? ( singing ) yankee bean , yankee bean , i like my yankee bean . ( she puts the bowl down and <UNK> owen 's mouth with a napkin ) owen , i think we have to talk . i mean , uh , * i * have to talk . it would be nice if * we * could , but , uh , whatever . um , do n't get me wrong , i like coming here , and uh , feeding you and cleaning a little , and paying your bills , that 's good stuff . good stuff ! i have a wonderful time when i 'm with you , wonderful ! but at this point in my life , i 'm not really sure that i 'm ready to make a commitment to one person . i 'm just not really sure that we have enough in common . for example , i like running in the park , <UNK> , roller <UNK> , <UNK> and <UNK> , and um , well , i 'm gon na be <UNK> honest with you now , owen , it 's a <UNK> to get here . it 's two subways . i have to <UNK> at forty-second street to take the <UNK> anyway , i mean , this does n't mean we ca n't be friends . these pretzels are making me thirsty .
new scene . coffee shop . elaine , jerry and george are at their usual booth .
elaine : can you die from an odor ? i mean , like if you were locked in a <UNK> for two weeks , could you actually die from the odor ?
jerry : an overdose of odor ? good question .
george : do i smell ?
elaine : no no no no , i was just down on the forty-second street subway today , it is disgusting . guess who i bumped into . owen .
jerry : ahh .
george : he 's alright ?
elaine : yeah , he 's almost <UNK> <UNK> . he told me he was just using me for sex .
the waitress brings the check .
jerry : let me get that .
george : no no no , i got it .
jerry : please .
george : no come on , let me , let me . i smashed your car , it cost you over two thousand dollars ,
jerry : yeah , a cup of coffee should cover it .
kramer enters and sits down .
jerry : what are you doing here ?
kramer : i got fired from the movie .
george : get out of here , why ?
kramer : well , you know they were gon na shoot it today , and uh , we <UNK> it twice , then woody yells <UNK> ! ' and i turn to him and i say , <UNK> pretzels are making me thirsty ' and i took a <UNK> of <UNK> , ya know , and i slammed the glass down on the bar and it <UNK> .
elaine : <UNK> .
kramer : well , one of the pieces must have hit woody . he started crying . and he yells out , ' i 'm bleeding ' and he runs off . anyway , this woman , she came up to me and she says , <UNK> 're fired . ' boy i really <UNK> that scene .
kramer drops a pair of gloves on the table . jerry picks up the gloves .
jerry : aw , wait a -- . oh . oh , for crying out loud .
closing monologue .
i think the best part of a relationship is when you 're sick . and the best part of being sick is when you 're in a relationship . and if i was to get married , you know all those <UNK> ; for <UNK> or for <UNK> , for better or for worse , all i need is the sickness . that , to me , is the most important one . do you take this man in sickness ? that 's the only time i need somebody there . rest of the time , go out , have a ball , do whatever you want , but if i get the <UNK> , you better be there .
end .
at the comedy club
jerry : i 'm sorry it 's got ta be a little bit of a <UNK> place to work . i do n't know how you feel about it . you want to be standing there having people comming in all day going `` i need knives . i need more knives . do you have any bigger knives ? i 'd like a bigger knife , a big , long , sharp knife , that 's what i 'm in the market for . i like them really sharp . do you have one with <UNK> and <UNK> like <UNK> and kind of <UNK> ? that 's the kind of knife i 'm looking for . i need one i can throw . i need another one i can just <UNK> away with . do you have anything like that ?
( commercial )
at a party
jerry : oh yeah , like you know what you 're talking about .
george : like you do .
jerry : well what do you think ? they put the statue on a giant <UNK> and a <UNK> pulled it all the way from france ?
george : what do you think ? the brought it over in pieces and screwed it together like a coffee table ?
jerry : i do n't know . it 's too early for a christmas party is n't it ?
george : why did france give that to us anyway ?
jerry : it was a gift .
george : so countries just exchange gifts like that ?
jerry : if they like each other .
george : there 's elaine .
jerry : see that guy he 's talking with ? that 's her new boyfriend .
george : really ? they work here in the office ?
jerry : yeah . they 're having a little <UNK> so do n't say anything .
george : who am i going to tell ? my mother ? like i 've got nothing better to talk about .
jerry : you do n't . he 's a <UNK> alcoholic .
george : really ?
jerry : yeah . he 's been off the wagon for two years .
george : `` off the wagon '' ?
jerry : i think it 's off the wagon .
george : i think it 's `` on the wagon '' .
elaine : jerry , george , what are you doing here ?
jerry : what am i doing here ? <UNK> ( holding out a present )
elaine : * gasp * my god ! my watch ! you found my watch ! ( pushing jerry )
jerry : hey keep your hands to yourself if you know what 's good for you .
elaine : where did you find it ?
jerry : under the sofa <UNK> .
elaine : and you stopped by just to give it to me ?
jerry : it 's your christmas present .
elaine : i though i 'd never find it .
george : well today 's your lucky day .
elaine : no . today 's * your * lucky day .
george : it will be my first one .
elaine : you want to work here ?
george : huh ?
elaine : yeah one of the <UNK> left and there 's a job opening . dick , this is jerry and this is george .
dick : hi nice to meet you . is this the guy ?
jerry : `` the guy ? ''
elaine : ( <UNK> to dick ) dick .
george : how can you just get it ?
elaine : my boss told me to find someone . i 'm in charge of it . all you have to do is meet him . come on . come on , come on , here hold my drink .
jerry : cranberry juice ?
elaine : and <UNK> .
dick : i got the cranberry juice .
dick : so ... you 're jerry .
jerry : so ... i 'm jerry . ( he puts down the drink )
boss ( what is his name ? ) : so have you ever done this kind of work before ?
george : well , you know , book reports . that kind of stuff .
boss : how do you read ?
george : i like mike lubika .
boss : mike lubika ?
george : he 's a sports writer for the <UNK> news . i find him very insightful ...
boss : no , no , no . i mean <UNK> .
george : lot of good ones . i do n't even want to mention anyone because i 'm afraid i 'm going to leave somebody out .
boss : name a couple .
george : who do i like ? i , like , uh , art , vandelay .
boss : art vandelay ?
george : he 's an <UNK> writer . <UNK> , on the village .
boss : what has he written ?
george : <UNK> <UNK> .
dick : ( picking up the drink ) i 've got new for you . i 'm funnier than you are .
jerry : why do n't get we together new years day and watch some <UNK> .
elaine : where 's my drink ?
jerry : there . ( turns to george ) so , how did it go ?
george : i think he was impressed .
elaine : no , no , no , this is just cranberry juice .
jerry : oh , uh , i think maybe dick picked up yours .
elaine : dick ? he ca n't drink . he 's an alcoholic . i told you to hold it .
jerry : i did n't know you meant * hold * it , i thought you meant hold it .
elaine : one drink like that and he could fall right off the wagon .
george : told you .
at a clothing store .
jerry : i never feel comfortable in the women 's department . i feel like i 'm just a * little * too close to trying on a dress .
george : do i really have to buy her something ?
jerry : hey the woman got you a job . the least you could do is buy her a gift . how about this ?
george : what is that ? is that cashmere ?
jerry : yeah . she would love cashmere .
george : who does n't like cashmere ? find me one person in the world that does n't like cashmere . it 's too expensive .
jerry : look at this . it 's 85 dollars <UNK> down from <UNK> .
george : wow . excuse me , miss ?
woman : yes ?
george : how come this sweater is only 85 dollars ?
woman : ( showing the dot ) oh , here . this is why .
george : what ? i do n't see anything .
woman : see this red dot ?
george : oh yeah .
jerry : oh it 's damaged . ( grabbing the sweater )
george : ( grabbing the sweater back ) well it 's not really damaged . 85 dollars huh ?
woman : there 's no <UNK> on this .
george : you think she would care about the red dot ?
jerry : it 's hard to say .
george : i do n't even think she 'd notice it . can you see it ?
jerry : well i can see it .
george : yeah , but you know where it is .
jerry : well what do you want me to do ? not look at it ?
george : pretend you did n't know it was there . can you see it ?
jerry : it 's hard to pretend because i know where it is .
george : well just take an overview . ca n't you just take an overview ?
jerry : you want me to take an overview ?
george : please .
jerry : i see a very cheap man holding a sweater trying to get away with something . that 's my overview .
at jerry 's apartment .
jerry : yeah so ?
elaine : he 's acting very <UNK> . i think he started drinking again .
jerry : oh boy , can you smell it ?
elaine : no . i ca n't smell it .
jerry : well if you ca n't smell it then he has n't been drinking .
elaine : you do n't always smell someone from a drink .
jerry : yes you do .
elaine : what about one drink ? would you smell it from one drink ?
jerry : yes you would .
kramer enters
jerry : i 'll prove it . would you do me a favor ?
kramer : okay .
jerry : would you take a drink and let us smell you ?
kramer : you can smell me without the drink .
elaine : i suspect that this guy i 'm seeing might be drinking but i ca n't smell it .
kramer : okay , well what am i drinking ? what do you got ?
jerry : i got a bottle of scotch my uncle gave me . it 's hennigans . it 's been here for two years . i 've been using it as a paint <UNK> .
kramer drinks .
kramer : all right .
elaine and jerry lean up really close to him .
jerry : i do n't smell anything .
elaine : maybe we 're too close to the bottle .
jerry 's buzzer buzzes .
jerry : yeah .
george : ( over the speaker ) it 's george .
jerry : come on up .
kramer : that is * damn * good scotch . i could do a commercial for this stuff . <UNK> , boy that hennigans goes down smooth . and <UNK> you do n't even smell . that 's right folks . i just had three shots of hennigans and i do n't smell . imagine , you can walk around drunk all day . that 's hennigans , the <UNK> , <UNK> scotch .
george : hello everybody .
kramer : hey . ( <UNK> really close to george ) i 'm going to tell you what i think . i know you do n't care what i think , but i 'm going to tell you . i think that you are terrific .
george : ( <UNK> ) thank you .
elaine : hey what 's that ?
george : it 's an early christmas present .
elaine : christmas present ? for who ?
george : for you .
elaine : * gasp * ( pushing george ) get out of here .
kramer : say you got a big job interview , and you 're a little nervous . well throw back a couple shots of hennigans and you 'll be as loose as a <UNK> and ready to roll in no time . and because it 's <UNK> , why , it will be our little secret . ( singing ) <UNK> n ...
jerry : kramer . yeah that 'll do .
elaine : ( opening the present ) oh george , this is beautiful . is this cashmere ?
george : of course it 's cashmere .
elaine : oh , i love cashmere .
george : well who does n't .
elaine : my , george this must have cost a fortune .
george : ahh , money .
elaine : jerry , how could you let him spend so much money ?
jerry : i tried to stop him . i could n't . he just wants to make people happy .
elaine : george , this is one of the <UNK> things anyone has ever given me .
george : well good , good . take it off you 're going to wear it out already . it 's for special <UNK> this thing .
kramer : what 's that red dot on your sweater ?
elaine : what ?
george : just take it off . i 'm getting hot just looking at it .
elaine : uhh . this . it 's like a red dot .
george : what red dot ? what are you talking about ? jerry come here for a second . do you see anything here ?
jerry : ( uncomfortable ) uh , i do n't know . uh , i do n't know .
elaine : what do n't you know ?
jerry : i do n't know .
elaine : well do you see it or do n't you ?
jerry : ahem . say that again ?
elaine : do you see it or do n't you ?
jerry : do i see it ... or do n't i ? that 's the question .
jerry goes to the counter and <UNK> some scotch . he drinks it . he comes back <UNK> .
jerry : now what did you ask me again .
kramer is <UNK> .
( commercial )
( whew , jerry is saved by the bell . )
at the office . elaine is walking by .
elaine : you 're still here . you 're a <UNK> .
george : i ca n't believe i get paid for this .
elaine : i 'll see you tomorrow .
elaine walks out . george gets back to work . the cleaning lady comes by .
george : how you doing ?
cleaning lady : hello .
the lady starts cleaning . george has a thought . he watches the lady as she is cleaning .
at monk 's .
jerry : you had sex with the cleaning woman on your desk ? who are you , how did you do that ?
george : hennigans . i was there sitting in the office and the cleaning woman comes in . i 've always been attracted to cleaning women . cleaning women , chambermaids .
jerry : yeah chambermaids , i 'm attracted to them too .
george : why is that ?
jerry : it 's a woman in your room . so go ahead .
george : so she starts <UNK> , back and forth , back and forth , her hips <UNK> , her breasts , uh ... ( trying to think of a word )
jerry : convulsing ?
george : convulsing ?
jerry : i do n't know , i 'm trying to help you .
george : then i asked her if she wanted a drink .
jerry : you do n't drink .
george : i know but i could n't think of anything else to say to her .
jerry : so you started drinking .
george : so we started drinking , and i 'll tell you i do n't know if it was the alcohol or the <UNK> , but the next think i knew she was <UNK> the floor with me .
jerry : so how was it ?
george : well the sex was okay , but i threw up from the hennigans .
jerry : good thing the cleaning lady was there .
at jerry 's apartment .
elaine : dick was fired .
jerry : you mean to tell me if i had put that drink six inches over to the right , and none of this would have happened .
elaine : you knew he was an alcoholic . why 'd you put the drink down at all ?
jerry : what are you saying ?
elaine : i 'm not saying anything .
jerry : you 're saying something .
elaine : what could i be saying ?
jerry : well you 're not saying nothing you must be saying something .
elaine : if i was saying something i would have said it .
jerry : well why do n't you say it ?
elaine : i said it .
jerry : what did you say ?
elaine : nothing . it 's <UNK> being with you .
jerry 's buzzer buzzes .
jerry : yeah ?
george : ( over the speaker ) it 's george .
jerry : come on up .
elaine : hey , let me ask you something something . did george buy that sweater knowing the red dot was on it because it was <UNK> ? ( jerry is <UNK> ) <UNK> , you just gave me the answer .
jerry : no i did n't .
elaine : yes you did , yes you did . i saw your expression .
jerry : i did n't have an expression . i have a <UNK> septum . i have to open my mouth sometimes to breathe .
elaine : how much did he save ?
jerry : frankly i am shocked that you would ask such a question ( elaine sticking out her tongue like she is n't buying a word of it ) of me , that you would think - the only surprise is how you could even think of that . that 's what you were seeing .
elaine gets up and goes into the bathroom .
george : i have to talk to elaine . this <UNK> lady is turning the <UNK> on me . she 's pushing for this whole relationship thing . she keeps calling me , threatening to go to the boss with this thing , i could lose my job , i got ta do something to keep her quiet .
jerry : elaine is in the bathroom . she 's <UNK> to whole red dot thing . she 's asking me all kinds of questions .
george : did you tell her anything ?
jerry : no .
george : do you swear ?
jerry : i 'm not <UNK> . i do n't want to swear .
george : oh you told her did n't you .
jerry : no .
elaine : hey george , did you buy that sweater knowing that red dot was on it because you could get it at a discount ?
george : what ? did i what ?
elaine : you did did n't you .
george : elaine , i 'm , i 'm shocked . i 'm shocked . here i go out in the spirit of the season ( elaine looking like she 's not buying a word of it ) and spend all my <UNK> to buy you the most beautiful christmas sweater i have ever seen to show my <UNK> to you at christmas and this is the thanks that i get at christmas .
elaine : well jerry told me that you did .
george : you told her ? how could you tell her ? i told you not to say anything .
jerry : i did n't tell her you stupid idiot . she <UNK> you .
george : elaine you do n't understand . i had <UNK> temperature when i bought that sweater . i was so <UNK> i was seeing red <UNK> everywhere . i thought everything in the store had a red dot on it . i could n't <UNK> one red dot from another . i could n't afford anything . i have nothing . i have n't worked for a really long time . ( jerry is standing right behind george . jerry takes out a <UNK> and starts <UNK> in it . ) i mean look , i have no clothes , look at what i 'm wearing . it 's just a little red dot .
at the office .
george : this is for you .
lady : oh , georgie , you bought this for me ? oh i knew you <UNK> for me .
george : as you care for me . which is why it is very important that you never breathe a word of this to anyone about the ... you know . what , with <UNK> thomas and everything .
lady : okay , okay , can i open it now ?
george : yes of course go ahead . my guess is you 're going to like this very much .
lady : oh ! is that cashmere ?
george : of course it 's <UNK> .
lady : a cashmere sweater . oh georgie <UNK> !
george : just a little something for christmas .
lady : when i was a little girl in <UNK> , a rich american came to our town and he was wearing the <UNK> most beautiful sweater . i said to him , `` what do you call this most beautiful <UNK> ? `` , and he said `` they call it cashmere '' . i <UNK> the words `` cashmere , cashmere '' . i asked if i could have it , and he said `` no . get away from me . '' then he started walk away . but i grabbed onto his leg screaming for him to give me the sweater and he dragged me through the street . and then he <UNK> at me with the other foot and threw some change at me . oh , but i did n't want the change georgie . i wanted the cashmere .
george : i had a feeling you would like it . no , do n't try it on now , try it on later .
lady : wow , look at this . it feels so beautiful .
george : take it off . you 're going to ruin it .
lady : ( noticing the dot ) what 's this ?
at the comedy club .
jerry : i was in the men 's room the other day and they had the hand blower , instead of the paper towels , you know this thing . i like the hand blower i have to say . it takes a little bit longer , but i feel when you 're in a room with a <UNK> stench you want to spend as much time as you can .
dick : the only stench is comming from you .
audience : <UNK> .
jerry : oh , wait a second , i believe we have a <UNK> ladies and gentlemen . hey dick i do n't know what your problem is . it 's not my fault you 're back on the wagon .
dick : it 's off the wagon .
jerry : in the old days how do you think they got the alcohol from town to town ?
dick : i do n't know .
jerry : on the wagon . do n't you think they broke into a couple of those <UNK> along the way ?
dick : you ca n't drink on a wagon it would be too <UNK> .
jerry : they had smooth <UNK> . what about the <UNK> <UNK> ?
dick : what the hell do you know about <UNK> ?
jerry : i know enough not to get on them .
in the boss ' office .
boss : i 'm going to get right to the point . it has come to my attention that you and the cleaning woman have engaged in sexual intercourse on the desk in your office . is that correct ?
george : who said that ?
boss : she did .
george : was that wrong ? should i have not done that ? i tell you i got ta <UNK> <UNK> on this thing because if anyone had said anything to me at all when i first started here that that sort of thing was <UNK> upon , you know , cause i 've worked in a lot of offices and i tell you <UNK> do that all the time .
boss : you 're fired .
george : well you did n't have to say it like that .
boss : i want you out of here by the end of the day .
george : what about the whole christmas spirit thing ? any <UNK> there ?
boss : nah . wait , wait , she wanted me to give you this .
he tosses the sweater and it lands right on top of george 's face . george walks out of the office `` wearing '' it .
in the hall of the office .
elaine : you had sex on your desk with the cleaning woman .
george : you never had sex in the office before ?
elaine : no . i once made out with someone but that was it .
george : alright so you made out with someone .
elaine : well that 's not sex .
george : kissing is sex .
elaine : kissing is not sex .
jerry : george ?
george : jerry .
elaine : hey , did jerry leave that drink next to dick 's on purpose ?
george : no .
jerry : george ?
george : over here .
elaine : what are you doing here ?
jerry : i 'm taking the kid out to dinner to <UNK> him up .
elaine : hey jerry when do you consider that sex has taken place ?
jerry : i would say when the <UNK> makes its first appearance .
( commercial )
elaine : so , george told me that you left the drink next to dick 's on purpose .
jerry : nice try . so guess who <UNK> me at the club last night .
* crash *
dick : <UNK> christmas .
elaine : oh my god that 's dick . it 's cape fear .
george : hide , hide under the desk .
elaine : ow , ow move over .
jerry : get off of me .
elaine : i 've got no room .
dick walks over <UNK> behind him a christmas tree . he looks down and notices them under the table . george holds out the sweater , his hand shaking .
dick : is that cashmere ?
george : of course it 's cashmere .
dick : ( noticing the dot ) what 's this ?
at the comedy club .
jerry : but in a way , i think i <UNK> turned this guy into an alcoholic . i hate being around <UNK> because they 're either telling you how much they love you or how much they hate you . and those are the two <UNK> that scare me the most . but i think he 's okay now because i have no idea how he feels about me . he 's finally off the wagon .
dick : you mean on the wagon .
jerry : do n't get smart .
jerry 's apartment
george : ... pianist . a * <UNK> * pianist . she * plays * the piano . she 's a
* brilliant * woman . i-i-i sat in her living room ... she played the
* waldstein <UNK> * ! the * waldstein * !
george : we did a crossword puzzle together , * in bed * . it was the most fun
i ever had in my entire life . did you hear me ? in my * life * !
y'know ?
jerry enters
jerry : were you talking ? i could n't hear anything .
george : i was telling you about noel .
jerry : oh , noel ! yeah , the one who plays <UNK> ...
george : [ sarcastically ] heh heh heh ... so <UNK> funny ...
jerry : all right , i 'm sorry . what about her ?
george : what , you think i 'm going to <UNK> the whole thing now ?
jerry : i know , you told me you like her , everything is going good .
george : no everything is * not * going good . i 'm very uncomfortable . i have
no power . i mean , why should she have the upper hand . * once * in
my life i would like the upper hand . i have no hand -- no hand at
all . she has the hand ; i have * no * hand ...
george : how do i get the hand ?
jerry : we all want the hand . hand is tough to get . you got ta get the
hand right from the opening .
george : she 's playing a recital this week at the <UNK> school . you wan na hear her play ? i got two extra tickets , you and elaine could go ...
jerry : yeah , that sounds like somethin ' ...
george : then afterwards maybe we could all go out together . y'know she 'll
see me with my friends , she 'll <UNK> me as i really am , as myself .
maybe i can get some hand that way .
kramer enters
kramer : hey , smell my arm ... smell it !
george : with all due respect , i do n't think so ...
jerry : that smells good , what is that ?
kramer : the * beach * !
jerry : the * beach * ?
george : what , did you go swimmin ' ? it 's <UNK> degrees out !
kramer : i just joined the polar bear club .
jerry : you joined the * polar bears * ? !
george : what the hell is a `` polar bear '' ?
kramer : well , it 's these people -- they go swimmin ' in the winter . they 're terrific , i just took my first swim today . <UNK> ! it 's <UNK> ....
jerry : yeah ... so 's shock therapy .
jerry : [ with <UNK> ] what is that , a pez dispenser ? !
kramer : want one ? yeah , i just bought it at the flea market .
george : hey , what goes on there , exactly ?
jerry : you do n't know ?
george : no , i-i-i know ... [ <UNK> back to his chinese take out ] i know ...
jerry : you think they have fleas there , do n't you ?
george : * no * ...
jerry : yes you do , biff . you 've never been to a flea market , and you
think they have fleas there .
george : all right , i think they have fleas there . so what ...
elainelaine : i do n't know how anyone does this . it must be * so * nerve <UNK> ...
how do they warm up their fingers ?
jerry : they have a piano backstage they warm up on .
elainelaine : * no * , we would have heard it .
jerry : what , do you think they just crack their knuckles and come out ?
george : i told her we 'd all go out afterwards , okay ? and do n't <UNK>
when she stops playing the first time . it 's not over yet .
jerry : [ quickly whispering ] i <UNK> that you said that ! that 's
<UNK> at * me * , is n't it ? !
a very <UNK> noel comes out and sits at her piano .
jerry : is this okay ? can i do this ? ( he <UNK> )
% noel begins . <UNK> . it 's enough to make a man reach for his
% candy <UNK> . jerry helps himself to a pez , he stands tweety up on elaine 's
% <UNK> on her lap . elaine <UNK> tries to hold back her laughter ,
% but it <UNK> from a <UNK> to a <UNK> to a chuckle to laughter
% to snorting . noel is visibly <UNK> and she has <UNK> playing
% with this <UNK> <UNK> from one of the <UNK> <UNK> . elaine
% removes herself from the <UNK> , all the while snorting and gasping
% for breath , ( we 're talkin ' <UNK> <UNK> of laughter , here ) . outside ,
% she runs into an old acquaintance .
steve : something i said ? [ no <UNK> ] it 's john ... mollika .
elainelaine : oh , oh , * john * ... oh , hi john ... hi ...
steve : what 're you doing down here ?
elaine : oh , i was just at this recital and jerry put a pez dispenser on my leg and i
started laughing .
mollika : jerry 's in there ? i heard you guys broke up .
elaine : we did . we 're just hanging out .
mollika : really . ... you really look great .
elaine : oh , uh , thank you . are you still friends with richie appel ?
mollika : oh , richie , he 's been doing comedy in <UNK> a. for a few years . he
just got back a month ago . he 's kind of messed up . on drugs .
i do n't know what to do for the guy .
elaine : have you thought about an intervention ?
mollika : what 's that ?
elaine : you get all his friends in a room , they confront <UNK> to try to get
him into rehab . it 's a very popular thing now .
mollika : he 'd never listen to anyone . ... except of course jerry . he 'd listen to
jerry . jerry would have to be involved . he really respects jerry .
cut to jerry playing with tweety <UNK> pez dispenser .
outside noel 's dressing room
elainelaine : i 'm sorry . george , i 'm sorry !
george : what did you put the pez dispenser on her leg for in the first
place ?
jerry : i dunno , it was an impulse .
george : what kind of a sick impulse does that ? ?
jerry : how could i know she would start to laugh ?
elainelaine : i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i * am * !
jerry : can we just go in already ?
george : what are we gon na tell her ?
elainelaine : i 'll tell her i was the one who laughed .
george : no , do n't say a word . if she thinks my friends are <UNK> , then
i 'm a * jerk * ...
elainelaine : [ to jerry ] oh , remind me to talk to you about something later .
jerry : what about ?
george : hey , hey ! we 're <UNK> something !
jerry : i know , but i 'm distracted now .
george : what are you ? a * baby * ! ? all right . tell her .
<UNK> when i was outside i ran into john mollika .
jerry : really john mollika , they guy that used to <UNK> at the comedy club . how 's he doing ?
elaine : he 's good .
george : uh , can we cut to the chase ?
jerry : `` cut to the chase '' ?
george : yeah ...
jerry : what 're you , `` joe hollywood '' ?
george : a lot of people say it .
jerry : i would lose that .
george : [ <UNK> ] what 's * that * ?
jerry : `` lose that '' ? that 's not a hollywood expression !
george : [ realizing full well it is n't ] ... yes it is .
elaine : anyway ... so john told me that richie is in town from
<UNK> <UNK> and he 's really messed up on drugs . so i told
him that he should do an intervention .
jerry : really , an intervention ...
george : y'know people , we got a situation over here !
elaine : yeah , but he want 's you to be a part of it .
jerry : me ? why me ?
elaine : 'cause richie really respects you and he would listen to you .
jerry : y'know these things are * really * hard to load ...
george : all right , ok , i 'm goin ' in .
jerry : we 've got to talk about this ( to elaine )
elaine : all right .
[ they enter ]
george : hi , hi , hi , you were wonderful .
noel : no ..
george : oh , these are my friends , elaine and jerry , ... noel
jerry : you play a * hell * of a piano .
elaine : yeah , i was really moved , * really * moved .
noel : well did n't you hear that person laughing ? i could n't play . i was
* humiliated ...
elaine : well , i 'm sure it was n't * at * you .
noel : well then , what was she laughing at ?
jerry : pez ?
noel : uh , no , no thank you . did you see her ?
george : me , uh , uh , no , ...
jerry : anyone who would laugh at a recital is probably some sort of lunatic anyway . i mean only a sick twisted mind could be that rude and <UNK> .
elaine : maybe some mental defective put something stupid on her leg .
jerry : even if this so called mental defective did put something on her leg she 's still the one who laughed .
noel : i 'll never forget that laugh for the rest of my life . [ exits ]
elaine : i 'm sure she would apologize if she could . probably somebody is holding her back against every fibre in her being .
george : if she want 's to continue to have a fibre of her being she 'll be very careful ( hitting each other )
[ noel enters ]
george : all right , so are you ready , so we 'll go out and get something to eat .
noel : i do n't feel like it tonight .
jerry : we 'll be outside
elaine : yeah
jerry : it was nice meeting you by the way , how do you warm up your fingers before you play ?
n : i just crack my knuckles .
george : we 'll have a good time
n : i do n't feel like it
george : ah , come on
n : i said i do n't feel like it !
george : um , all right , um , uh , i 'll call 'ya . i 'll call you and we 'll talk on the phone . a <UNK> <UNK> . every thing is fine ok , uh , fine , .. [ exits ]
[ monks ]
jerry : you know i thing kramer might have been responsible for getting richie involved with drugs in the first place .
elaine : what ? how ?
jerry : a few years ago the comedy club had a softball team . kramer was our first <UNK> you could n't get anything by him it was unbelievable .
anyway this one game we came back to win from like 8 runs behind . so kramer says to richie why do n't you dump the bucket of gatorade on marty benson 's head ? the club owner . so richie goes ahead and does it .
elaine : so ? what happened ?
jerry : what happened ? the guy was like <UNK> years old , it was freezing out , he caught a cold , got <UNK> ,
and a month later he was dead .
elaine : shut up !
jerry : all the <UNK> were happy . he was one of these club owners <UNK> liked anyway . but richie was never the same .
elaine : <UNK> about kramer ?
jerry : he 's the same !
[ jerry on phone at home ]
jerry : are you sure you want me john . i have spoken to richie in two years . i do n't have a good apartment for
an intervention . the furniture , it 's very <UNK> . all right all right . goodbye .
[ to kramer ] remember <UNK> appel ?
kramer : ( looks shocked ) oh sure , the guy i told to pour the gatorade that killed marty benson ?
jerry : right , we 'll john mollika is <UNK> some kind of intervention for him . we 're having it here .
kramer : can i get in on that ?
jerry : what do you think ? it 's like a <UNK> game ?
kramer : is elaine going ?
jerry : yeah
kramer : well , i knew him as well as she did .
jerry : yeah , but john invited her .
kramer : so what are you saying , you do n't want me to intervene ?
jerry : no , intervene , go intervene all you want . i am just afraid you might be <UNK> while we 're intervening .
buzzer
george : it 's george
jerry : stop <UNK> your arm .
kramer : you know i got a great idea for a cologne . the beach . you spray it on and you smell like you just
came home from the beach
jerry : hum , a cologne that smells like the beach . i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , `` that 's not a bad idea . ''
kramer : tell me about it !
jerry : why do n't you call steve <UNK> , he works in the <UNK> department at calvin klein .
in fact he 's a good friend of john mollika and richie also .
[ george enters ]
george : well it 's over . it 's definitely over .
jerry : she broke up with you ?
george : no , but i can tell she 's going to . i can sense it . we had this terrible phone conversation .
i was so nervous before i called i made up this whole list of things to talk about .
jerry : what was on the list ?
george : let 's see , how i 'm very good at going in reverse in my car , why is n't postum a more popular drink ,
jerry : yeah , postum is <UNK> ,
george : anyway there was all this tension . i asked her if she wanted to go out to dinner and she said
`` no , maybe we could get together for lunch . '' you know what that means .
jerry : what 's wrong with lunch ?
george : lunch is fine at the beginning then you move on to dinner . you do n't move back to lunch . it 's like being <UNK> .
i 'll never do another crossword puzzle with her again . i know it .
kramer : i like the jumble you ever do the jumble ?
george : i have no power do you understand ? i need hand . i have no hand .
kramer : break up with her
george : what ?
kramer : you break up with her . you reverse everything that way .
jerry : a preemptive breakup .
george : a preemptive breakup . this is an incredible idea . i got nothing to lose .
we either break up which she would do anyway but at least i go out with some
<UNK> . completely turn the tables . it 's absolutely brilliant .
[ monks ]
george : so , i am have to going to break up with you .
noel : you 're breaking up with me ?
george : i , ... am breaking up with , ... you .
noel : wow .
george : shocked ?
noel : i really am .
george : never <UNK> this did you ?
noel : i thought everything was fine .
george : well , live and learn .
noel : i do n't understand . you 're breaking up with me . did n't we have fun doing the crossword puzzles ?
george : kind of .
noel : i 'm very confused .
george : well , i did n't mean to hurt you kid .
noel : i thought , ...
george : now , stop it ...
noel : what do you want , i can make you happy .
george : when you 're playing the piano do you think about me ?
noel : i do n't know .
george : this is what i 'm talking about .
noel : ok , i 'll think about you .
george : all the time .
noel : all the time ? ... ok , all the time .
george : i ca n't hear you .
noel : all the time . all the time .
george : see , it 's not so hard .
[ calvin klein ]
kramer : go ahead smell , smell
steve : yeah , so ?
kramer : do you recognize it ? ... the beach .
steve : what are you talking about ?
kramer : oh , i 'm talking about the beach .
steve : what about it ?
kramer : you know the way you smell when you first come home from the beach ?
well , i want to make a cologne that <UNK> the <UNK> of that smell .
oh yeah .
steve : that is the <UNK> idea i have ever heard .
kramer : oh , wait , did you here what i just said ?
steve : do you think people are going to pay $ <UNK> a bottle to smell like dead
fish and <UNK> <UNK> ? that 's why people take showers when the come
home from the beach . it 's an <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
kramer : so you do n't think it 's a good idea ?
the intervention [ note : i may have confused the names of some of the male <UNK> below ]
to elaine
guy : the <UNK> get <UNK> and it just starts bleeding . since i was a
kid so i have to stick tissue up there
elaine : ( very <UNK> ) uh , you have to work like that ?
guy : nobody minds nobody has ever said anything to me .
to jerry
other guy : are there any ice cubes ?
jerry : in the <UNK> .
other guy : i looked . there are n't any ice cubes .
jerry : well i guess there are n't any ice cubes .
other guy : i ca n't drink this . it 's warm ! ( walks away )
guy : should n't we rehearse this a little bit before richie comes ?
steve : what 's the plan ?
jerry : do i have to talk ? i do n't feel like talking .
other guy : well , if he 's not going to talk i 'm not going to talk either .
guy : no , we all have to talk .
elaine : what 's the order ?
guy : we 'll go in <UNK> order . first roberta .
roberta : why am i first ?
elaine : <UNK> is your last name .
roberta : that 's not my name any more . i 'm <UNK> .
steve : i 'll go first .
kramer enters
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : is this the <UNK> ?
jerry : intervention .
other guy : what are you doing here ?
kramer : uh , is it all right if i stay for the intervention ?
steve : hey , this is for close friends only .
kramer : i 'm a friend . who do you think told him to pour the gatorade
over marty benson 's head ?
other guy : let him stay .
kramer : hey , you know i got someone to make up that cologne for me , big mouth .
steve : somebody 's going to make that crap ?
some old guys enter
old guy : kramer !
kramer : hey , come on , these are some of my polar bear buddies .
other guy : they ca n't stay .
old guy : we 're having a party here ?
jerry : no , we 're having an intervention
old guy : an intervention ? who 's intervening ?
jerry : there 's a friend of <UNK> on drugs and we 're going to confront him .
old guy : sure , we used to do that when one of our polar bears stopped
coming . we would go to his house and say , `` what you do n't want to be a
polar bear anymore ? it 's too cold for you ? ''
buzzer
guy : it 's him .
roberta : what should we do ?
elaine : hide !
jerry : it 's not a surprise party ! yeah ( to intercom )
george : it 's george
jerry : yeah , come on up . ... it 's not him .
guy : if you do n't go out with me it 's because i 'm a bar tender .
elaine : look , i do n't think this is <UNK> right now .
guy : is it because i have a tissue in my nose ?
elaine : you 're getting warm .
george and noel enter ( noel looks awful )
george : we just came from chadway 's ( ? ) what 's going on .
jerry : we 're having the intervention for richie .
george : oh , right , right , the intervention . should we leave ?
jerry : well , uh ..
noel : ( happily ) elaine , hi .
elaine : oh , hi noel
( noel sits on couch with elaine with old guy between them )
jerry : well , you 're looking well .
george : jerry , let me tell you something , `` a man without hand is not a man . ''
i got so much hand i 'm coming out of my gloves . i got to thank kramer .
steve : even if i were dragged through <UNK> i still would n't put that stuff on .
george : ( to kramer ) this man is a genius . genius !
steve : you think so ?
george : i do n't think so i know so , kramer , come here i got to talk to you
old man : the male <UNK> does n't have a pouch only the female has it . the male has pouch envy .
elaine : ( chuckles )
old guy ; at least give me a pocket .
elaine : ( laughs )
noel turns to elaine . jerry raises his eyes to heaven
noel : that laugh . that 's the laugh . that 's it . you 're the one .
elaine : no , no . it was an accident . it really was n't my fault . it was jerry .
jerry put a pez dispenser on my leg .
noel : you put a pez dispenser on her leg during my recital ? .
jerry : i did n't know she would laugh .
noel : you lied to me george , you lied to me .
george : no , i , uh , um , wa , wa , what did i do ? ... where are you going ?
noel : i ... am breaking up ... with you !
george : you ca n't break up with me . i 've got hand .
noel : and you 're going to need it .
noel exits , george <UNK> her
richie and john enter
jerry : hey richie
richie : so what 's going on ?
later
jerry : it was pretty ugly from the get go . he 's not listening , he 's <UNK> , he 's
talking back .
george : i ca n't do these puzzles .
jerry : so he starts to get up he spots the pez dispenser on the coffee table
george : ah ah pez dispenser .
jerry : he picks it up - he stares at it - it 's like he 's hypnotized by it . then he 's
telling us this story about how when he was a kid he was in the car with his father , and
his father was trying to load one of them
george : well they 're hard to load .
jerry : tell me something i do n't know . so as the father 's trying to load it he <UNK> control
of the car and it crashes into a high school cafeteria . nobody 's hurt but pez is all
over the car . and the dispenser was <UNK> <UNK> beyond recognition .
george : poor kid .
jerry : so as he 's telling the story he starts crying .
george : what did you do ?
jerry : what do you think ? i gave him my pez dispenser .
george : wow
jerry : two hours later he checks into <UNK> 's clinic . i talked to the doctor yesterday .
he 's doing great on the rehab . he 's <UNK> on pez . he 's eating them like there 's no tomorrow .
george : what 's a three letter word for candy ?
jerry : i ca n't do those things .
end
monologue the thing i dont understand about the suicide person is the people who try and commit suicide for some reason they dont die and thats it . they stop trying . why ? why dont they just keep trying ? what has changed ? is their life any better now ? no . in fact its worse because now <UNK> found out one more thing you stink at . okay , thats why these people dont <UNK> in life to begin with . because they give up too easy . i saw , pills dont work , try a rope . car wont start in the <UNK> , get a tune up . you know what i mean ? theres nothing more <UNK> than <UNK> a goal you have set for yourself .
[ jerrys apartment ]
jerry : let me ask you a question . if you named a kid rasputin do you think that would have a negative effect on his life ?
elaine : na .
jerry : what are you doing ? were going out for dinner in ten minutes .
elaine : do you realize this is the last meal i am going to have for three days ?
[ buzzer ]
jerry : yeah .
george : its george .
jerry : come on up . . . . i never heard of this . youve got to fast for three days to take an <UNK> test . how you gon na do that ?
elaine : i dont know . how could i possibly have ulcers ? who could have given me ulcers ?
jerry : i think ill take out the garbage .
elaine : hey , have you ever <UNK> ?
jerry : well , once i didnt have dinner until , like <UNK> <UNK> , that was pretty rough . [ exits to hall with garbage   <UNK> george ] hey , do me a favour will ya ? throw out my garbage for me .
george : yeah , right .
jerry : come on , its just down the hall .
george : give me two bucks . ill do it for two bucks .
jerry : ill give you 50 cents .
george : theres no way i touch that bag for less than two dollars .
jerry : come on . fifty cents . < ? ? > a piece of drakes coffee cake
george : youre not getting no drakes coffee cake for fifty cents . <UNK> , hey , im all set . i got the ticket . im going to the cayman islands this friday .
jerry : i dont get you . who goes on vacation without a job ? what do you need a break from getting up at eleven ?
george : its an incredible deal . i dont know why you dont come with me .
jerry : nah , i dont go for these non-refundable <UNK> . i cant commit to a woman . im not going to commit to an airline .
[ gina enters the hall ]
gina : hi .
jerry : hi .
gina : how are you ?
jerry : gina , do you know what a drakes coffee cake is ?
gina : of course , the plane cake with the sweet brown crumbs on the top .
jerry : how much do they cost ?
gina : the junior ?
george : no , no the full size .
jerry : no , no the junior .
george : you didnt say `` junior '' .
gina : i havent had one of those since i was a little girl .
jerry : really ? you should be <UNK> of yourself . i want you out of here ! [ martin enters the hall ] how ya doing ?
martin : good enough .
[ martin leaves with gina ]
jerry : boy shes sexy <UNK> she ?
[ jerry leaves garbage bag by <UNK> apartment and knocks on the door . as he and george enter jerrys apartment kramer comes out and takes the garbage bag . ]
jerry : do you believe that guy ?
elaine : what guy ?
jerry : my neighbour :
elaine : oh , that <UNK> guy ?
jerry : yeah , did he think i was flirting with her ?
george : he didnt seem too <UNK> .
elaine : maybe ill get a steak with french <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
george : hey , you know what ? i just remembered something . i had a dream about that guy last night . this is amazing .
jerry : whats so amazing ? youve seen him before .
george : i havent seen him for months .
jerry : what was the dream ?
george : i was doing standup comedy in <UNK> <UNK> . ? ? ? night club . the stage was on a <UNK> and the audience was <UNK> all the <UNK> off .
jerry : i think ive played there .
george : ive had a lot of other paranormal stuff happen to me .
jerry : youre a little paranormal
elaine : hey , george , you know my friend goes to a psychic .
george : really ?
elaine : uh uh , you should go some time .
george : id love to go . make an appointment .
jerry : <UNK> , <UNK> . how about getting a job ?
george : i just got fired .
jerry : alright , come on , lets get out of here .
elaine : i wonder what ghandi ate before his fast .
jerry : i heard he used to <UNK> off a box of triscuits .
elaine : really ?
jerry : oh , yeah . ghandi loved triscuits .
[ they exit ]
[ jerrys apartment late at night there is knocking at the door ]
jerry : who is it ? who is it ?
gina : its gina .
jerry : who ?
gina : <UNK> girl friend .
jerry : martine ?
gina : you next door neighbour .
jerry : oh , martin !
[ jerry opens door ]
george : its martine . i think hes dying . he tried to kill himself with pills .
jerry : what ?
gina : come on .
jerry : in my pajamas ? i better get my robe .
gina : we dont have enough time .
jerry : <UNK> take two seconds .
gina : there is no time .
jerry : we dont have two seconds ?
gina : all right . go ahead .
jerry : nah , forget it .
gina : no , go ahead .
jerry : nah . ill just wear the pajamas .
gina : will you just get it .
jerry : are you sure ?
gina : forget it . come on .
jerry : nah , ill go get the robe .
[ metropolitan hospital center ]
jerry : thats not too bad . its not like a <UNK> von <UNK> comma . the doctor said he should snap out of it anytime .
gina : you know why he did this ? because i told him it was over . i did not want to see him anymore .
jerry : really ? its over ?
gina : i could not stand it another minute . yesterday he turned over a <UNK> hot dog stand because he thought the man was looking at me . and then after he saw you in the hall . <UNK> , he was crazy with <UNK> .
jerry : oh boy , did he say anything about me ?
gina : he does not like you . and all <UNK> are he does not like drakes coffee cake .
jerry : he said that ?
gina : he was screaming about it all night . how its too sweet and it falls <UNK> when you eat it .
jerry : im sorry if i caused any trouble . i was just being friendly .
gina : i <UNK> .
jerry : you <UNK> ?
gina : no , i have thought about you many times . have you thought about me ?
jerry : of course .
gina : tell me everything .
jerry : are you sure he cant hear anything ? . . <UNK> , martin .
gina : i wish he was not in a coma . i wish he was dead . i wish i could pull the plug out from him .
jerry : i , would , i would wait on that . i know how you feel but . <UNK> today , you never know how theyre going to look at a thing like this .
gina : i saw you looking at your watch . you want to leave ? go ahead .
jerry : no , i just wanted to see what time it was .
gina : are you afraid of him ?
jerry : no .
gina : then kiss me .
jerry : here ?
gina : yes , right here .
jerry : is this the <UNK> <UNK> ?
gina : you dont want to ?
jerry : no , no , i want to . i , i very much want to . i , i <UNK> to . i , i <UNK> to .
gina : then kiss me right in front of him .
jerry : i cant . what if he wakes up ?
gina : a man is lying here unconscious and youre afraid of him ? what kind of a man are you ?
jerry : a man who respects a good comma . if it was one of those in and out <UNK> , maybe . but when a <UNK> got a coma going like this  you dont want to mess with it .
[ jerrys apartment ]
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : did you hear about martin ?
jerry : yeah , i heard .
kramer : i cant believe hes in a coma .
kramer : hes got my vacuum cleaner . you know i <UNK> it to him . he never returned it . the <UNK> are filthy . what am i going to do ?
jerry : who told you about martin ?
kramer : newman ! hes good friends with him .
<UNK> ; oh , big mouth newman . i should have <UNK> .
kramer : hes got all of my <UNK> , you know .
jerry : hey , let me ask you something . how long do you have to wait for a guy to come out of a coma before you can ask his ex-girlfriend out ?
kramer : what , gina ? why wait ? why not just call doctor <UNK> ?
jerry : you know i dont get that whole suicide machine . theres no <UNK> buildings where these people live ? they cant <UNK> their lips around a <UNK> like a normal person ?
kramer : so whats going on between you and gina ?
jerry : well , i went with her to the hospital last night .
kramer : uh , uh .
jerry : so were in the room and shes trying to get me to kiss her right in front of him .
kramer : uh , uh , you see thats the great thing about <UNK> women . all right , so what did you do ?
jerry : nothing .
kramer : ah , what kind of a man are you ? the guy is unconscious in a coma and you dont have the guts to kiss his girlfriend ?
jerry : i didnt know what the coma etiquette was .
kramer : there is no coma etiquette . you see thats the beauty of the coma , man . it <UNK> matter what you do around it .
jerry : so youre saying , his girl , his car , his clothes , its all up for grabs . you can just <UNK> the coma victim .
kramer : id give him 24 hours to get out of it . they cant get out of it in 24 hours , its a land rush .
jerry : so if the coma victim wakes up in a month , hes thrilled , he got out of the coma . he goes home , theres nothing left ?
kramer : nothing left ! thats why im trying to get that vacuum cleaner . because <UNK> going to grab it .
[ the psychics apartment ]
rula : martins spirit came to you as a warning .
elaine : why would he come to george ?
rula : because george has <UNK> extra <UNK> <UNK> . <UNK> get your finger out of your nose .
george : i knew it . i always felt different .
rula : you are . some coffee cake ?
george : <UNK> ?
rula : yes .
george : did you buy this for me ?
rula : no , why ?
george : ha , because i love drakes coffee cake .
rula : maybe i did .
elaine : take it away .
george : she <UNK> eaten in two days .
rula : <UNK> pauline ?
george : pauline ? . . . wait a minute . i got it . my brother once <UNK> a woman named pauline .
rula : do you think about her ?
george : when i hear her name mentioned .
rula : cut these with your left hand .
george : there was a woman , audrey . she had a very big nose .
rula : i see an audrey , but with a small nose .
george : yes , yes , she had a nose job . i loved her very deeply . will she ever speak to me again ?
rula : not in this life .
elaine : should you be smoking ?
rula : does it bother you ?
elaine : youre pregnant .
george : elaine .
rula : i smoked when i had faisy .
rula : ah oh .
george : ah oh ? what ? what ah oh ?
rula : i dont know about this trip george .
george : you can see the cayman islands in there ? is something going to happen to me ? what ?
elaine : its really bad for the fetus . do you know that .
george : elaine , shes a psychic . she knows how the <UNK> going to be .
george : should i not go on this trip ?
rula : george , i am going to tell you something and i want you to really hear me .
elaine : now listen . i just dont know how a person , with everything we now know about <UNK> care can put a cigarette in her mouth .
george : elaine , what are you doing ?
elaine : its disgusting .
rula : i dont <UNK> it . i would like you both to leave .
elaine : oh fine , i dont like to be around people who are just so <UNK> .
rula : get the hell out .
[ elaine leaving ] george : a plane crash ? a heart attack ? lupus ? is it lupus ?
rula : do you want me to call the <UNK> ? he was an <UNK> <UNK> .
george : if you dont say anything i will assume its a plane crash .
rula : get out .
george : not a plane crash . [ leaving ] is it a plane crash ?
[ jerrys apartment ]
gina : i do not like your toothbrush . there are no <UNK> .
jerry : you can say what you want about me but ill be <UNK> if im going to stand here while you insult my toothbrush .
gina : it is too small for someone with such a big mouth [ kisses <UNK> ] . let me ask you . what will you do if martine wakes up ? run away like a mouse ?
jerry : no , more like the three stooges at the end of every movie .
gina : who are these stooges you speak of ?
jerry : theyre a comedy team .
gina : tell me about them . everything .
jerry : well , theyre three kind of funny looking guys and they hit each other a lot .
gina : you will show me the stooges ?
jerry : i will show you the stooges .
gina : when ?
jerry : well , i dont really know where the stooges are right now but if i <UNK> them you will be the first to know .
gina : come , you walk me to a cab .
jerry : well , uh , i uh , i dont want you to get upset or anything but uh , with martin and all , well maybe its not such a good idea for us to be seen together in the building , because , you know , he had a lot of friends here .
gina : youre still afraid . you are not a man .
jerry : well then what are all those <UNK> and sport jackets doing in my closet ?
gina : are you going to walk me to a cab or not ?
jerry : yeah , all right . all right .
[ jerry and gina meet kramer and leaving his apartment with newman ]
kramer : you should just eat fruit .
newman : i cant eat fruit . it makes me <UNK> .
kramer : ? ? ?
newman : hello gina . hello jerry .
jerry : hello newman .
[ metropolitan hospital center - hallway ]
jerry : do you think newman would tell martin if he wakes up ? what kind of sicko would do that ? he could kill me .
george : people <UNK> , elaine . my mother smoked . it didnt hurt me .
elaine : [ <UNK> with fear to jerry ] did you see that wall move ?
jerry : boy , its a good thing we came .
george : could there be a native <UNK> in the <UNK> ? maybe theres native <UNK> .
elaine : hi , i havent eaten in three days . i was wondering how much longer it would be until i get my x-ray .
nurse : well call you .
jerry : george , i want you to promise me something . if im ever in a comma . in the first 24 hours get everything out of my apartment and put it in <UNK> .
george : how come ?
jerry : <UNK> .
elaine : how do we know that dog food is any good ? who tastes it ?
jerry : shes really hungry .
[ kramer enters ]
kramer : hey .
elaine : kramer
kramer : well , <UNK> upstairs visiting martin .
george : would you buy my cayman island ticket ?
kramer : youre not going ?
george : no .
kramer : why not ?
george : the psychic said something terrible will happen .
kramer : i <UNK> .
[ metropolitan hospital center - martins room ]
kramer : i want my vacuum cleaner ! i know you can hear me . look my mother , shes going to come and visit me . she sees that rug , shes going to kill me .
w : he cant hear you , you idiot . why dont you just buy another one .
kramer : why would i buy another one when i spent a hundred bucks on this one ?
w : i have a carpet sweeper you can use .
kramer : i dont want a carpet sweeper . they dont do anything .
w : it gets my rug clean .
kramer : the carpet sweeper is the <UNK> scam <UNK> on the american public since one hour <UNK> .
w : well , you should take a look at my rug then .
kramer : i wouldnt set foot in your house .
[ jerry enters ]
jerry : hello .
newman : hello jerry .
jerry : <UNK> he doing ?
kramer : he looks happy to me .
newman : i hope he stays this happy when he wakes up .
jerry : why wouldnt he ?
newman : no reason .
jerry : <UNK> have a lot of catching up to do , i guess .
newman : ill bring him up to date .
jerry : how up to date ?
newman : oh , all the way up .
jerry : and nothing could change your mind ?
newman : well , it would take a hell of a lot . because a friend is something you <UNK> .
kramer : okay , jerry has a friend who has free tickets to the cayman islands for this weekend . hes not going .
newman : i dont care much for the beach . i <UNK> . . . . is that a , ..
jerry : drakes coffee cake
newman : wow , where did you get that ?
jerry : from my house . i got a whole box of them .
newman : boy , thats the full size .
jerry : thats your big boy .
newman : can i have a bite ?
jerry : i dont give out bites . i got another one . but im saving it for later .
newman : just one bite ?
jerry : i dont think so . you know they , theyre so <UNK> .
newman : all right ! all right . i wont say anything .
jerry : you swear ?
newman : i swear .
jerry : on your mothers life ?
newman : on my mothers life .
kramer : oh oh oh oh oh
newman : oooh ,
[ metropolitan hospital center - hallway ]
elaine : and there it was , <UNK> of duck . and not <UNK> duck either , but <UNK> tender breasts of duck .
[ george sees the psychics girl , faisy and follows her into the psychics room ] ]
george : <UNK> , no come here ,  sweetheart
rula : pew , pew , pew , pew ( breathing )
george : how did i know you were here ? something drew me here . this is phenomenal .
rula : the nurse said she would be right back . theyre supposed to take me into the delivery room .
george : oh , thats great . thats great . by the way i have to apologize for my friend the other day . friend ? uh , uh i dont even know that woman . i met her on the bus on the way over . i <UNK> get rid of her . uh , my psychic <UNK> were a little off ..
rula : oh , <UNK> the nurse
george : i dont know where the nurse is . sweetheart why dont you get a nurse for mommy ?  anyway i was just <UNK> . remember the other day you were saying something about my trip .
rula : dont take that trip .
george : yeah , why ? why ?
rula : < screams > <UNK> , beegit , beegit beegit .
[ doctor enters ]
<UNK> : all right , rula , its time to go .
george : because ? because ?
[ elaine enters <UNK> room ]
elaine : <UNK> ! how <UNK> they keep a person waiting like this !  drakes coffee cake ?  give me that .
newman : jerry , you better stop her or ill tell .
jerry : elaine ! no ! no !
martin : ooooh , <UNK> ,
[ in hallway as they wheel rula to give birth ]
george : are there <UNK> on the plane ? a hotel fire . is that it ? <UNK> ? yellow <UNK> ? lupus ? is it lupus ?
[ martins room   martin grabbing jerry   elaine eating the drakes coffee cake ]
newman : he did it right in this bed , martin . right in front of you .
kramer : i want my vacuum cleaner !
jerry : hey !
newman : it was disgusting .
[ jerrys apartment ]
jerry : what are you doing ? were going out to dinner in ten minutes .
george : i never <UNK> in a birth before . its really quite disgusting .
jerry : what did she name the kid ?
george : you wouldnt believe it . rasputin .
[ kramer enters ]
kramer : <UNK> !
george : hey .
jerry : hey .
george : when did you get back ?
kramer : a couple of hours ago .
george : so how was it ?
kramer : george , i would like to thank you for the greatest four days i ever spent in my life .
jerry : <UNK> .
kramer : they were shooting the sports illustrated swim suit <UNK> right in the hotel pool .
jerry : woah . [ hitting george ]
kramer : not only that but at the hotel they opened up this area on the beach for nude bathing and all of the sports illustrated models went down there .
jerry : wow ! [ hitting george ]
kramer : i was on the next blanket from elle mcpherson
jerry : oh ! [ hitting george ]
kramer : we played backgammon in the nude .
jerry : oh ! [ hitting george ]
kramer : shes a sweet kid .
jerry : nude backgammon with <UNK> models !
kramer : oh , you know what ? the second day i was there i <UNK> on a jellyfish . now it kind of <UNK> my foot . thats probably what rula was trying to <UNK> you about .
george : yeah , you <UNK> watch for the jellyfish .
kramer : yeah .
kramer : whats this ?
jerry : oh , its an <UNK> to a house <UNK> from martin and gina .
kramer : they moved in together ?
jerry : yeah , its some place down in the village .
kramer : phew .
[ buzzer ]
jerry : yeah .
elaine : its elaine .
jerry : all right were coming down .
kramer : hey , where ya going ?
jerry : were taking elaine to dinner . shes got to start the fast again . um , you want to go ?
kramer : um , id like to but a bunch of us from the islands , well be getting together .
george : elle mcpherson going to be there ?
kramer : oh ! i got to call her back .
[ kramer exits ]
the end
opening monologue .
i tell ya , i never really <UNK> the importance of the conductor . i mean between you and me , what the hell is this guy doing ? do you really need somebody waving a stick in your face to play the <UNK> ? does that really help you out ? i could see how we need him at the beginning . okay , <UNK> , start . okay , i can see how you need that . but once we 're going , okay , once it 's all happening , what do we need him for then ? i do n't see the <UNK> looking up , go , `` i 'm confused . i do n't know what to do . i do n't know what to do . '' and the conductor goes , `` do this . like this '' `` oh , okay , thank you very much . ''
first scene . jerry and george are seated at a table in a restaurant .
george : why even try anymore ? there 's no sense to it . i 'm never gon na meet anybody , i should just accept it .
jerry : oh , yes you will .
george : no , i wo n't .
jerry : yeah , maybe you wo n't .
george : i mean it 's hard enough to meet a woman you <UNK> , much less like .
jerry : are my <UNK> getting bigger ?
george : no . why must it be so difficult ? why is there all this tension and <UNK> ? why ca n't i just walk up to a woman on the street and say , `` hi . i'm george . how are you ? '' is that so terrible ?
just then a beautiful woman walks past their table , george offers up a <UNK> <UNK> which the woman ignores as she passed . george then says 'hi ' a few more times as he reaches for and drinks from his water glass , as though we was saying that anyway and it had nothing to do with the woman . ( funnier to watch than read . )
new scene . elaine and a friend , cynthia , are seated at a table in another restaurant .
cynthia : there 's just no men out there , you know ?
elaine : i know .
cynthia : i mean the problem is that the good ones know they 're good . and they know they 're in such demand they 're just not interested in <UNK> themselves to one person .
elaine : i hate the good ones .
cynthia : is jerry one of the good ones ?
elaine : that 's a good question , i think he thinks he is .
cynthia : well , the mediocre ones are available , but they 're so <UNK> about not being one of the good ones that they 're always going , `` well i 'm not good enough for you , what are you doing with me ? '' and eventually i just go , `` you're right . ''
elaine : you know , maybe you need somebody between good and mediocre .
cynthia : no , maybe i need somebody who has nothing , somebody who just has to appreciate being with me because he 's so <UNK> .
cut back to george and jerry , george is eating <UNK> .
george : i mean it 's gotten to the point where i 'm flirting with <UNK> on the phone . i almost made a date with one .
jerry : oh , so there 's still hope .
george : i do n't want hope . hope is killing me . my dream is to become hopeless . when you 're hopeless , you do n't care , and when you do n't care , that <UNK> makes you attractive .
jerry : oh , so <UNK> is the key .
george : it 's my only hope .
cut back to elaine and cynthia .
cynthia : see , i would n't really mind so much , but i feel badly for my mother . i mean , if my mother were n't around , it would n't be so bad . but , i 'm telling you , if i 'm not married by the time i 'm forty , i 'm gon na have to kill her because it 's the only fair thing to do . i just could n't put her through that .
elaine : well , at least you 're not bitter .
cynthia : who says i 'm not bitter ?
elaine : are n't you too young to be bitter ?
cynthia : no , you can be young and bitter , just maybe not as bitter as i 'm gon na be ten years from now , but i 'm bitter . anyway , do n't tell anyone .
elaine : do n't worry , your <UNK> is safe with me .
cynthia : um , order me a piece of cake . i 'm gon na go throw up .
new scene . jerry and elaine are reading the newspaper at jerry 's apartment .
jerry : look at my hands . look . filthy from the paper . you know , they should give you a <UNK> when you buy one , like at those rib <UNK> .
elaine : so what 'd you do last night ?
jerry : went out with george , you ?
elaine : went out with cynthia .
jerry : how was it ? what 'd you talk about ?
elaine : well , you know , the usual ; the <UNK> <UNK> , the rainforest . cynthia thought we should <UNK> the rainforest , you know , get rid of it in one fell <UNK> so we can at least <UNK> it as a subject of conversation . what about you ?
jerry : we <UNK> on that . actually , george was in rare <UNK> . he just can't find anybody .
elaine : i know , cynthia too . she 's really given up .
jerry : george too .
they look at each other for a moment .
jerry and elaine ( together ) : yeah , right .
jerry : i 've never fixed anybody up .
elaine : uh , me neither and i am not about to start with george .
jerry : well why would n't you start with george ? you think she 's too good for george ?
elaine : i did n't say 'too good ' , did i say 'too good ' ?
jerry : well you implied it .
elaine : i did n't say it .
jerry : because if you think she 's too good for george , you are dead wrong . dead wrong . who is she ?
elaine : who is he ?
jerry : he 's george !
elaine : she 's cynthia !
jerry : so what ?
elaine : what , you do n't think she 's beautiful ?
jerry : i do n't know , what 's with the eyebrows ?
elaine : you know what your problem is ? your standards are too high .
jerry : i went out with you .
elaine : that 's because my standards are too low . and by the way , you know , women kill for eyebrows like that . do you know that ? i mean women <UNK> their real eyebrows out of their head , one by one , until they 're bald , jerry . bald above the eyes ! and then they paint in these eyebrows to look like that .
jerry : well let me tell you something about george . he is fast . he can run like the wind . and he 's strong . i 've seen him lift a hundred pounds over his head without even knowing it . and you would n't know it to look at him , but george can <UNK> a hook .
elaine : he can really do that ?
jerry : come on , let 's do it , i think they 'll really get along .
elaine : what , are you into this ?
jerry : yeah , come on , it 's a good match .
elaine : no , wait a minute , wait a minute . they 're gon na be telling us how their dates went . are we gon na share that information ?
jerry : <UNK> .
elaine : well , wait a minute , we 're gon na tell each other everything , i mean every secret ?
jerry : everything .
elaine : what if it worked out ?
jerry ( dialing ) : yeah right .
new scene . jerry and george are in jerry 's apartment .
george : out of the question . out of the question !
jerry : why ?
george : no ! i 'm not gon na do that ! that 's one step away from personal <UNK> ! and <UNK> ! no ! no , i am not going down that road ! what does she look like ?
jerry : she 's good looking .
george : how good looking ?
jerry : very good looking .
george : really good looking ?
jerry : really very good looking .
george : would you take her out ?
jerry : yes , i would take her out .
george : oh , you hesitated .
jerry : what hesitate ? i did n't hesitate !
george : no , something 's off here , you hesitated .
jerry : i 'm telling you , she 's good looking .
george : what about the body , what kind of body ?
jerry : good body , nice body .
george : how nice ?
jerry : nice .
george : just nice ?
jerry : pretty nice .
george : really good ?
jerry : really very nice and good .
george : what about personality ?
jerry : good personality . funny . bright .
george : smarter than me ? i do n't want anyone smarter than me .
jerry : how could she be smarter than you ?
george : alright , let 's see , let 's see . what else . what else . oh yeah , what does she do ?
new scene . elaine and cynthia are having a <UNK> discussion .
cynthia : first of all , what does he do ?
elaine : he was in real estate , um , now , he 's not working right <UNK>
cynthia : he 's not working ? ! how come he 's not working ?
elaine : well , um , he , he got fired .
cynthia : why did he get fired ?
elaine : uh . why ? oh , right . um , well , he tried to poison his boss .
cynthia : excuse me ?
elaine : such a long story , cynthia , seriously , i mean he just had some problems at work .
cynthia : is he nuts ?
elaine : no , no , no , he 's a really really funny guy .
cynthia : what does he look like ?
elaine : pardon ?
cynthia : what does he look like ?
elaine : um , well , he 's got a lot of character in his face . um , he 's short . um , he 's stocky .
cynthia : fat . is that what you 're saying , that he 's fat ?
elaine : powerful . he is so powerful , he can lift a hundred pounds right up over his head . and um , what else . what else . oh , right . um , well , he 's kind of , just kind of losing his hair .
cynthia : he 's bald ?
elaine : no ! no , no , no , he 's not bald . he 's balding .
cynthia : so he will be bald .
elaine : yup .
cut back to jerry and george .
george : what kind of hair ?
jerry : you know , long dark hair .
george : flowing ?
jerry : flowing ?
george : is it flowing ? i like flowing , <UNK> hair . <UNK> lustrous hair is very important to me .
jerry : <UNK> lustrous hair is very important to me , ' is that what you said ?
george : yeah , that 's right .
jerry : just <UNK> .
george : let me ask you this . if you stick your hand in the hair is it easy to get it out ?
jerry : do you want to be able to get it out or do you want to not be able to get it out ?
george : i 'd like to be able to get it out .
jerry : i think you 'll get it out .
george : what about the skin ? i need a good cheek , i like a good cheek .
jerry : she 's got a fine cheek .
george : is there a pinkish hue ?
jerry : a pinkish hue ?
george : yes , a <UNK> <UNK> .
jerry : there 's a hue . she 's got great eyebrows , women kill to have her eyebrows .
george : who cares about eyebrows ? is she sweet ? i like sweet . but not too sweet , you could throw up from that .
jerry : i do n't think you 'll throw up . * she * likes to throw up .
cut back to elaine and cynthia .
cynthia : has he ever been married ?
elaine : no .
cynthia : has he been close ?
elaine : he once spent a weekend with a woman .
cynthia : he did n't really try to poison his boss ?
elaine : yeah , he did .
new scene . the next day , george is back at jerry 's .
george : we had an incredible phone conversation . we talked for like twenty minutes . i threw away my notes in the middle of the call . you know , i thought she had a great voice timbre . is it timbre or tamber ?
jerry : i think it 's tamber .
george : why 'd i think it was timbre ? yeah , she could do <UNK> commercials , why did n't you tell me about her voice ?
jerry : i did n't notice the voice .
george : it 's <UNK> !
jerry : so , saturday night .
george : she had to be impressed by that conversation , had to ! it was a great performance . i am unbelievable on the phone . on the date they should just have two phones on the table at the restaurant , done .
elaine enters .
elaine : hi .
george : hey ! saturday night !
elaine : i know !
george : so , what did she say ?
elaine : she said you 're getting together saturday night !
george : that 's it ?
elaine : yeah !
george : she did n't mention anything about the conversation ?
elaine : no .
george : now , you see , i do n't get that . we had a relaxed <UNK> , great conversation , she does n't mention it ? why does n't she mention it ?
elaine : what ?
jerry : she could have mentioned the conversation .
george : alright , alright , i 'll go on the date , but that 's that .
kramer enters .
kramer : hey .
jerry : hey .
kramer : you know my friend , bob sacamano ?
jerry : oh , the guy from jersey ?
kramer : yeah . he just got a job at a condom <UNK> in <UNK> . look at this , he gave me a gross .
george : what are you gon na do with all of them ?
kramer : oh , well ... come on , take some , jerry . grab 'em .
jerry : no thanks , they look like they came out of a cereal box .
kramer : come on , elaine , here , take half a bag .
elaine : half a bag ? what am i , a <UNK> ? anyway , they look kind of cheap .
george : i 'll take one . it 's possible .
mid-episode monologue .
the problem with the condom is still buying them . i think we should have like a secret signal with the <UNK> that you just walk into the drugstore , you go up to the counter , he looks at you and if you go like this ( nods ) he puts them in the bag for you , that 's it . you show up there , you put your little shaving cream , your little <UNK> , you know , `` how are you today ? '' ( nods ) `` have a nice day . '' `` you too . ''
new scene . elaine and jerry are on the phone , waiting for george and cynthia 's date to end .
jerry : so where are they already , it 's a quarter to twelve , they should be back by now , what did they do ?
elaine : i think they went out to dinner .
jerry : wait , i got another call . that must be him . [ clicks over ] hello ?
george : yeah , it 's me , i just got home .
jerry : oh , hold on . [ clicks back ] it 's george , he just got home .
elaine : yeah , yeah , i got cynthia on the other line .
jerry : alright , i 'll call you back as soon as i 'm done .
elaine : remember our pact . full <UNK> .
jerry : of course . [ clicks back to george ] yeah , go ahead .
george : alright look , i 'm gon na tell you , but i made a pact with cynthia , we <UNK> we were not going to tell you and elaine .
jerry : you can tell me , i 'll vault it .
george : it 's in the vault ?
jerry : i 'm locking the vault . what ?
george : we had sex .
jerry : oh my god , you had sex , how did that happen ?
george : i do n't know . i closed my eyes and made a move .
jerry : at your apartment ?
george : yeah .
jerry : she did n't stay over ?
george : no , she left . listen , you ca n't mention any of this to elaine . cynthia will kill me , we made a deal .
cut to elaine on the phone with cynthia .
elaine : oh my god .
cynthia : he was uncomfortable because it was our first time so he felt he would perform better if we did it in the kitchen . he said the kitchen is always the most <UNK> room in the house . and he was serious .
elaine : so ? how was it ?
cynthia : how good could it be ? my head was on a hot plate .
elaine : wait , i got another call , that must be jerry .
cynthia : oh wait , do n't you tell him any of this .
elaine : yeah , ok. [ clicks over ] hello ?
jerry : so , what did she have to say ?
elaine : what did he have to say ?
jerry : he said they had a good time .
elaine : her too .
jerry : oh , good .
elaine : anything else ?
jerry : nope . you ?
elaine : nope .
jerry : you sure ?
elaine : yup . you ?
jerry : yeah .
elaine : alright . well uh , guess everything is under control .
jerry : yeah . okay then .
elaine : alright . goodnight .
jerry : goodnight .
new scene . jerry and george are at jerry 's apartment .
george : i left three messages . i ca n't believe this woman . she has sex with me , leaves ten minutes later then i never hear from her again . what kind of a person does this ? i mean , she used me . i feel cheap and <UNK> .
jerry : well , i 'm gon na do something about this .
george : what are you gon na do ?
jerry : <UNK> . <UNK> . leaves you sitting there on the kitchen floor like some kind of <UNK> <UNK> . <UNK> , <UNK> , thank you <UNK> . sir , whatever . she 's not going to get away with this .
george : i keep <UNK> my brain to try and figure out what i did . i was smart , i was funny , i made great small talk with the waitress so she could see i could relate to the <UNK> , you know , i 'm a man of the people .
jerry : i 'm gon na call her .
george : no , do n't call her .
jerry : no , i 'm calling her .
george : no , jerry , do n't call .
jerry : no , forget it , i 'm gon na call .
george : i do n't want you to call .
jerry : get away from me , i 'm gon na call her .
george : give me the phone !
jerry : george , do you wan na fight ? do you wan na fight ?
george : jerry , i 'm gon na kill you !
kramer enters and gets between them to break up the fight .
kramer : hey hey hey ! ! come on ! jerry , george , now stop it !
jerry : i 'll just call her when you leave !
george : you ca n't do that , it 's none of your business !
jerry : it is so my business !
kramer : hey hey hey ! i do n't want to hear another word out of either one of you !
george : but tell him to give me the --
kramer : ay ay ay ! the next one of you that opens up your mouth , says something , you 're gon na have to deal with me . you know , i bet i know what this is about . it 's about a woman , is n't it ?
george : no .
jerry : yeah , but --
kramer : yeah yeah ! you see , this is exactly what they want to do to you . they play one against the other . you ca n't let them <UNK> you like that .
jerry : but kramer --
kramer : noh noh noh ! i want you guys to shake hands . come on , there are plenty of women out there for all of us , let 's go .
jerry and george shake hands .
kramer : yes . you see ? is n't that better than fighting ? animosity ? i mean , you wan na fight with somebody , you fight with me . oh , by the way george , you know those condoms i gave you ? they 're defective , do n't use them .
george : what ?
kramer : right .
george : defective ? !
kramer : defective .
george ( attacking kramer ) : how could you give me a defective condom ? !
kramer : i did n't even know they were defective .
jerry gets between them to break up the fight .
kramer : did n't even thin you were gon na use them .
george : what do you mean you did n't think i was n't gon na use them ? !
jerry : take it easy , you guys , just spread out ! do n't worry about it , if anything was wrong she would have called you already !
new scene . elaine answers her door , it 's cynthia .
cynthia : i missed my period .
elaine : oh my god .
cynthia : i am very worried , i am never late .
elaine : but he used a condom , right ?
cynthia : i know , but these things are n't always <UNK> .
elaine : oh no .
cynthia : what ?
elaine : was it blue ?
cynthia : yeah . how 'd you know ?
elaine : just a <UNK> .
new scene . jerry is in his apartment trying to open a bottle of soda .
jerry : ow ! ow ! twist off ! twist off ! twist off !
elaine walks in and give him a funny look .
jerry : oh , hi . soda ?
elaine : no thanks .
jerry : so tell me . what 's the problem with your little <UNK> friend ? she does n't return calls ?
elaine : who are you to talk about her like that ? she 'll call him when she's good and ready . you do n't even know her .
jerry : oh , i know her . i know her type .
elaine : her type ? what type ?
jerry : the type that does n't return phone calls . i knew we should n't have done this , it was a bad idea in the first place , i told you !
elaine : you told me ? you <UNK> this whole thing on me , it was your idea !
jerry : i was just trying to help your bitter , twisted friend .
elaine : she 's not bitter !
jerry : well , bitter 's a <UNK> call , but she 's twisted !
elaine : twisted ? god , i did you a favor .
jerry : i thought you said they had a good time , is there anything else you're keeping from me ?
elaine : are you calling me a liar ?
jerry : i 'm calling you one if you are one , are you a liar ?
elaine : are you ?
jerry : get your finger out of my face .
elaine : you get yours out , i was here first !
jerry : i do n't care .
elaine : get it out !
kramer walks in just as this argument begins to turn into a slap fight , and gets in the middle .
kramer : hey hey , alright , hey hey , stop it ! come on , break it up ! what 's the matter with you ? now do n't you two see that you 're in love with each other ? i mean , why ca n't you face that already ? you 're running around out there looking for something that 's not even there , when everything that you dream of is right here , right here in front of you . now why ca n't you admit that ? by the way , when you see george give him these , these 'll work .
elaine : i knew those condoms were defective !
jerry : how did you know they were defective ? !
george walks in .
elaine : because ! because she missed her period !
george : she missed her period ? oh my god . i ca n't believe it ! i 'm a father ! i did it ! my boys can swim ! i can do it ! i can do it !
george rushes out , hysterical .
new scene . elaine and cynthia are at a restaurant .
cynthia : so he shows up . he 's all out of breath . he 's <UNK> . and he tells me that no matter what happens , whatever i decide is fine with him and that i could <UNK> on him , and that he would be there to support me in whatever way i need . elaine , i was <UNK> .
elaine : wow . wow . you see ? you think you know somebody .
cynthia : i said to him , `` i really appreciate this , but i just got my period . '' and so , i asked him to come in , he came in --
george and jerry walk up , jerry is limping .
elaine : hi !
george : sorry , we 're a little late . we got so hung up in traffic .
elaine : what happened ?
jerry : acting .
elaine : very mature .
jerry : thank you . hi cynthia .
cynthia : hi .
jerry : well this is a great place to sit you got here .
cynthia : best seat in the house . ( looking at george ) right next to the kitchen .
george ( hitting cynthia <UNK> with a napkin ) : stop it , stop it .
jerry : so what are these ?
elaine : oh , we <UNK> some <UNK> . start eating .
george stars eating like a <UNK> , cynthia looks at him funny . you get the idea that the relationship has just ended .
george ( with a mouth full of food ) : this is good . oh , this is good .
closing monologue .
have you ever fixed anybody up ? why do we do it ? why ? you thought they would have a good time . and a little power trip for you , is n't it ? now , you're playing god . of course god was the first person to fix people up . he fixed up adam and eve . you know , i 'm sure he said to adam , `` she 's nice . she 's very free about her body , does n't really wear that much . she was going out with a snake , i think that 's over though . ''
stand up ========= to me , going to the health club , you see all these people and they're working out , and they 're training and they 're getting in shape but the strange thing is nobody is really getting in shape for anything . the only reason that you 're getting in shape is that so you can get through the <UNK> . so we 're working out , so that we 'll be in shape , for when we have to do our <UNK> . this is the whole thing . the other thing i do n't get about it , is why we 're so careful about locking up our dirty towels and smelly <UNK> . what exactly is the black market on these disgusting gym clothes ? i give my car to any valet guy in front of a <UNK> because he has a short red jacket , yeah he must be the valet guy , i do n't even think about it but my <UNK> , <UNK> gym clothes , i got one of these locks you could put a <UNK> through it and it wo n't open . that stuff is safe .
[ gym locker room ]
kramer : wide open , i was wide open <UNK> ! i had three inches on that guy . you two were <UNK> the ball .
george : me ? it was n't me i never even saw the ball . all you do is dribble .
jerry : i have to dribble , if i give it to you , you just shoot . you 're a chucker .
george : oh i 'm a chucker .
jerry : that 's right , everytime you get the ball you shoot .
george : i ca n't believe you called me a chucker . no way i 'm a chucker , i do not chuck , never chucked , never have chucked , never will chuck , no chuck !
jerry : you chuck .
<UNK> : kramer am i a chucker ?
kramer : you 're a chucker .
george : all these years i 've been <UNK> ' and you 've never told me ?
jerry : well it 's not an easy thing to bring up .
kramer : hey you know this is the first time we 've ever seen each other naked .
jerry : believe me i did n't see anything .
kramer : oh , you did n't sneak a peak ?
jerry : no , did you ?
kramer : yeah , i snuck a peak .
jerry : why ?
kramer : why not ? hey what about you george ?
george : yeah , i ... i snuck a peak . ... but it was so fast i did n't see anything . it was just a <UNK> .
jerry : i made a <UNK> <UNK> not to look . there 's certain information i just do n't want to have .
kramer : uh , i got ta go meet newman . all right . i 'll see you later .
jerry : all right
kramer : have a good one .
jerry : all right
george : see ya .
[ kramer exits ]
george : look at this guy . does he have to stretch in here ?
jerry : you know who that is ? that 's
george : keith hernandez ? the baseball player ?
jerry : yeah , that 's him .
george : are you sure ?
jerry : positive .
george : wow , keith hernandez . he 's such a great player .
jerry : yeah , he 's a real smart guy too . he 's a civil war buff .
george : i 'd love to be a civil war buff . ... what do you have to do to be a buff
jerry : so biff wants to be a buff ? ... well sleeping less than <UNK> hours a day would be a start .
george : ho ho ho ho . you know i only got two weeks left of unemployment . i got to prove i 've been looking for a job to get an extension
jerry : hey , should we say something to him ?
george : oh , yeah i 'm sure he loves to hear from <UNK> in the locker room .
jerry : well he could say hello to me . i would n't mind .
george : he 's keith hernandez . you 're jerry seinfeld .
jerry : so ?
george : what are you <UNK> yourself to keith hernandez . the guys a baseball player jerry , baseball !
jerry : i know what he is . i <UNK> him . you did n't even notice him .
george : what , ... you are making some <UNK> in a night club ... wo wo wo . the guy was in game six two runs down two outs facing <UNK> .
keith : excuse me . i do n't want to disturb you , i 'm keith hernandez and i just want to tell you what a big fan i am . i love your comedy .
jerry : really ?
keith : i 've always wanted to do what you do .
jerry : what i do ? you are one of my <UNK> ball <UNK> of all time
george : mine too .
keith : i love that bit about <UNK> <UNK>
jerry : thank you .
george : you know keith , what i 've always wondered , with all these ball clubs flying around all season do n't you think there would be a plane crash ? ...
keith : ( to jerry ) do you perform anywhere in new york right now ?
jerry : i 'm performing in this club on the east side . you should come in .
george : but if you think about it ... <UNK> <UNK> , <UNK> games a season , you 'd think eventually an entire team would get <UNK> out .
keith : you know , i live on the east side .
jerry : i 'll tell you what , i 'll give you my number and uh , just give me a call , tell me whenever you want to go .
keith : or maybe just to get together for a cup of coffee
jerry : oh . that would be great .
george : uh , it 's only a matter of time .
keith : who 's this chucker ?
-- -
[ monks ]
jerry : it 's been three days and he has n't called .
elaine : well maybe you should call him .
jerry : i ca n't ... i ca n't
elaine : why not ?
jerry : i do n't know . i just feel he should call me .
elaine : what 's the difference ?
jerry : you do n't understand , elaine . i do n't want to be overanxious . if he wants to see me he has my number , he should call .
elaine : yech , look at this <UNK> . i hate <UNK> .
jerry : i ca n't stand these guys . you give your number to them and then they do n't call . why do they do that ?
elaine : i 'm sorry <UNK> .
jerry : i mean , i thought he liked me . i really thought he liked me . we were getting along . he came over to me i did n't go over to him .
elaine : no ,
jerry : why did he come over to me if he did n't want to see me ?
elaine : i know .
jerry : what did he come over to me if he did n't want to see me ? i mean here i meet this guy this great guy , a baseball player , best guy i ever met in my life . .. well that 's it . i 'm never giving my number out to another guy again .
elaine : sometimes i 've given my number out to guys and it takes them a month to call .
jerry : <UNK> , good , good , ... well if he 's calling in a month he 's got a <UNK> !
elaine : you know maybe he 's been busy . maybe he 's been out of town ?
jerry : oh , they do n't have phones out of town ? why do ( ? ) people say they're too busy . too busy . pick up a phone ! ! it takes two minutes . how can you be too busy ?
elaine : why do n't you just go ahead and call him ?
jerry : i ca n't call here , it 's a coffee shop . i mean what am i going to say to him ?
elaine : just ask him if he wants a to get together .
jerry : for what dinner ?
elaine : dinner 's good .
jerry : do n't you think that 's coming on a little too strong ? .. is n't that like a turn off ?
elaine : jerry , he 's a guy !
jerry : ... this is all .. very <UNK> .
stand up ========= when you 're in your <UNK> it 's very hard to make a new friend . whatever the group is that you 've got now that 's who you 're going with . you 're not <UNK> , you 're not looking at any new people , you 're not interested in seeing any <UNK> . they do n't know the places . they do n't know the food . they do n't know the activities , if i meet a guy in a club on the gym or someplace i 'm sure you 're a very nice person you seem to have a lot of potential , but we 're just not hiring right now . of course when you 're a kid , you can be friends with anybody . remember when you were a little kid what were the <UNK> ? if someone 's in front of my house now , that 's my friend , they 're my friend . that 's it . are you a grown <UNK> ? no . great ! come on in . jump up and down on my bed . and if you have anything in common at all , you like cherry soda ? i like cherry soda ! we 'll be best friends !
[ new york state department of labor ]
mrs. sokol : you know you only have two more weeks before your <UNK> run out .
george : yes and i was <UNK> ... to get a thirteen week extension .
mrs. sokol : so where have you been looking for work ?
george : well you know what i 've discovered mrs. sokol . it 's not so much the looking as the listening . i listen for work . and as i 'm looking and listening i am also looking . you ca n't discount looking . it 's sort of a <UNK> . it's looking , and listening , listening and looking . but you must look .
mrs. sokol : can you be specific about any of these companies ?
george : specific , ah , lets see . i 've walked in and out of so many buildings they all .. blend in together , i uh , ..
mrs. sokol : well just give me one name .
george : absolutely , uh , lets see there 's , uh , vandaley industries , i just saw them . i got very close there . very close .
mrs. sokol : and what type of company is that ?
george : latex , latex <UNK>
mrs. sokol : and you <UNK> there ?
george : yes , for a sales position . latex salesman , the <UNK> of latex , and latex related <UNK> . they just would n't give me a chance .
mrs. sokol : i 'm going to need an address and a phone number for this uh , vandaley company ...
goerge : you like gum ? 'cause i have a friend in the gum business . i got a gum guy . i make one phone call . i got <UNK> of <UNK> right to your door .
mrs. sokol : the address !
george : <UNK> ( ? ) ... jose jimenez . you recognize it ?
mrs. sokol : no .
george : jose jimenez , ... <UNK> funny . .. very funny .
mrs. sokol : the address !
george : uh , uh , vandaley industries , is uh . 129 west 81st street . it 's a very small <UNK> vandaley . it 's one of the reasons i wanted to uh , work for them .
mrs. sokol : the phone number .
george : that 's uh , <UNK> . are you calling them soon because , they keep very strange hours .
mrs. sokol : as soon as i 'm done <UNK> you !
george : sure , well uh , you know i 'll check in with you next week uh , i got ta run now because i got a full plate this afternoon . all right , really go to uh , .
[ george runs down hall ]
[ street phone <UNK> george pulls kid out of booth ]
george : ( frantically , takes phone and screams ... ) he 'll call you back .
[ jerry 's apartment ]
kramer : ( <UNK> talking on phone ) it 's a <UNK> five . so you know i step up to the <UNK> and i hit a beautiful drive right down the middle of the <UNK> . i mean you know my hook , right ?
jerry : elaine , how about this shirt ? is this okay ?
elaine : jerry , ... he 's a guy !
kramer : well it 's a dog leg left , so i play the hook right ? .. hold on there's another call .
[ phone booth ]
george : ( frantically ) jerry , jerry ?
kramer : george ?
george : kramer put jerry on the phone .
kramer : ( <UNK> ) yeah , look i 'm in the middle of something . call back .
george : kramer ! ! kramer no ! !
kramer : ... so the ball takes of and i 'm waiting for it to turn .
[ phone booth ]
george : hitting phone
[ cop bangs on booth with kid beside him ]
[ jerry 's apartment ]
kramer : yeah , i 'll talk to jerry . yeah , [ hangs up ] . . . you know that was <UNK> and carol . she 's wondering when we 're going to come over and see the baby .
jerry : oh , see the baby again with the baby ..
elaine : who are they ?
jerry : uh , he 's this guy who used to live in the building and they keep calling us to see the baby .
jerry : ( imitates ) ya ' got ta see the babi - when are ya ' gon na see the babi ... ca n't they just send us a tape ?
elaine : you know if you waited a few more months it wo n't be a baby anymore then you would n't have to see it .
jerry : uh uh because then it would be all grown up .
elaine : yeah ha ha ha
jerry : hey kramer what do you think of this shirt ?
kramer : ( does a double take ) it 's too busy
elaine : it looks like you 're trying too hard to make an impression on him . you 're not being yourself .
kramer : what guy ?
jerry : i know he 's just a guy but .. i like him .
kramer : who are you talkin about ?
jerry : uh , keith uh hernandez .
kramer : keith hernandez ?
newman : [ enters ] keith hernandez ?
[ in cab ]
george : do me a favor would you ? would you change lanes ? would you get outta this lane . you got ta get out of this lane . this lane stinks . they're all double parked here please get outta this lane . i 'm <UNK> you please please .
[ changes lanes ]
george : you know what , bad mistake my mistake do me a favor go back to the other lane - you 'll never get there - forget this lane - <UNK> ' a <UNK> ow what this lane stinks - go back to the other lane - bad <UNK> - go go go take this light - take this light -
cabby : that 's it get out ! !
george : get out ?
cabby : get out of my cab .
george : wa , i 'm not getting out of this cab
[ cabby gets out ]
george : no , no ! you ca n't throw me out
[ <UNK> in cab ]
[ jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : <UNK> newman .
kramer : i hate keith hernandez - hate him .
newman : i <UNK> him .
elaine : why ?
newman : why ? i 'll tell you why ...
kramer : let me tell it ..
newman : no , you ca n't tell it ..
kramer : you always tell it ..
newman : all right , tell it .
kramer : ja ja ja - just tell it
newman : <UNK> 14 , 1987 .... mets phillies . we 're enjoying a beautiful afternoon in the right field stands when a <UNK> hernandez error to a five run phillies ninth . cost the mets the game .
kramer : our day was ruined . there was a lot of people , you know , they were waiting by the player 's parking lot . now we 're coming down the ramp ... [ cut to film of the day - like the <UNK> film - with the <UNK> man and everything - oh so brilliant parody ! ! ! ] ... newman was in front of me . keith was coming <UNK> us , as he passes newman turns and says , `` nice game pretty <UNK> '' . keith <UNK> past us up the ramp .
newman : a second later , something happened that changed us in a deep and <UNK> way front that day forward .
elaine : what was it ?
kramer : he spit on us .... and i <UNK> out , `` i 'm hit ! ''
newman : then i turned and the spit ricochet of him and it hit me .
elaine : wow ! what a story .
jerry : unfortunately the <UNK> laws of physics <UNK> the whole <UNK> of your account . allow me to <UNK> this if i may for miss benes as i 've heard this story a number of times .
jerry : newman , kramer , if you 'll <UNK> me . according to your story keith passes you and starts walking up the ramp then you say you were <UNK> on the right temple . the spit then <UNK> to ricochet off the temple <UNK> newman between the third and forth rib . the spit then <UNK> off the rib turned and hit newman in the right wrist causing him to drop his baseball cap . the spit then <UNK> off the wrist , pauses in <UNK> air mind <UNK> makes a left turn and lands on newman 's left <UNK> . that is one <UNK> <UNK> .
[ the <UNK> of this scene is that it is an exact parody of kevin <UNK> 's <UNK> scene in the film jfk - and <UNK> <UNK> played the same position in both ! ! ! ]
newman : well that 's the way it happened .
jerry : what happened to your head when you got hit ?
kramer : well . uh , well my head went back and to the left
jerry : again
kramer : back and to the left
jerry : back and to the left back and to the left
elaine : so , what are you saying ?
jerry : i am saying that the spit could not have come from behind ... that there had to have been a second spitter behind the <UNK> on the <UNK> road . if the spitter was behind you as you <UNK> that would have caused your head to <UNK> forward .
elaine : so the spit could have only come from the front and to the right .
jerry : but that is not what they would have you believe .
newman : i 'm <UNK> ' . jerry 's a nut . [ exits ]
kramer : wait , wait , [ exits ]
jerry : the sad thing is we may never know the real truth .
[ george runs in ]
george : [ frantically ] did anybody call here asking for vandaley industries ?
jerry : no . what happened to you ?
george : now , listen <UNK> . i was at the unemployment office and i told them that i was very close to getting a job with vandaley industries and i gave them your phone number . so , when now when the phone rings you 've got to answer `` vanadaley industries '' .
jerry : i 'm vanadaley industries ?
george : right .
jerry : and what is that ?
george : you 're in latex
jerry : latex ? and what do i do with latex ?
george : ya manufacture it .
elaine : here in this little apartment ?
jerry : and what do i say about you ?
george : you 're considering hiring me for your latex salesman .
jerry : i 'm going to <UNK> you as my latex salesman ?
george : right .
jerry : i do n't think so . why would i do that ?
george : because i asked you to .
jerry : if you think i 'm looking for someone to just sit at a desk pushing papers around , you can forget it . i have enough <UNK> just trying to manufacture the stuff .
[ buzzer ]
jerry : yeah .
kramer : it 's keith .
jerry : all right we 're coming down .
george : keith hernandez : ?
jerry : yeah , come on elaine , lets go .
george : where are you goin ?
elaine : he 's giving me a ride you know there had to have been a second spitter . but who was it ? who had the motive ?
jerry : that 's what i 've been trying to figure out the past five years .
george : what the hell are you two talking about ? [ all exit ]
[ keith 's car ]
jerry : well that was really fun , thanks .
keith : yeah , it really was .
jerry ( mind ) : should i shake his hand ?
jerry : well , ...
keith : uh , do you want to catch a movie this weekend ? have you seen jfk ?
jerry : no , i have n't .
jerry ( mind ) : this weekend . wow !
jerry : sure , that would be great .
jerry ( mind ) : damn , i was too overanxious , he must have noticed that .
jerry : i mean , ... if you want to .
keith : well , how about this friday ?
jerry : yeah , friday 's okay .
jerry ( mind ) : go ahead shake his hand . you 're jerry seinfeld . you 've been on the tonight show .
jerry : well , good night [ holds hand out and shakes hand ]
keith : goodnight . oh , jer , by the way , the woman we gave a ride to earlier tonight ,
jerry : elaine ?
keith : yeah . what 's her story ?
jerry : uh , i do n't know , we used to go out .
keith : would you mind if i gave her a call ?
jerry : for a date ?
keith : yeah .
jerry : oh , no , uh , go ahead . you got a pen ?
keith : you sure you do n't mind ?
jerry : .... [ silence ]
[ jerry 's apartment ]
jerry : so then we went to dinner .
george : who paid ?
jerry : we split it .
george : split it . pretty good . talk about game six ?
jerry : naw , i got ta wait until its just the right time .
[ buzzer ]
jerry : yeah
elaine : it 's elaine .
jerry : come on up .
george : so then what ?
jerry : uh , <UNK> ' . then he took me home .
george : shake his hand ?
jerry : ( smiling ) yeah
george : what kind of a shake does he have ?
jerry : good shake . perfect shake . single <UNK> , not too hard , you know , <UNK> have to prove anything , but , you know , <UNK> enough to know he was there .
george : so , uh , you gon na see him again ?
jerry : he asked me if i was doing anything friday night .
george : wow ! the weekend .
jerry : so then as i was getting out of the car , ...
elaine : hi
jerry : hi elaine .
elaine : <UNK> , how was your date ?
jerry : what date ? it 's a guy .
elaine : so you know , ... he called me .
jerry : already ?
george : keith called you ?
elaine : [ nods ]
george : he he this guy really gets around .
elaine : do you mind ?
jerry : i do n't mind at all . why should i mind ? what did he say ?
elaine : he asked me out for saturday night .
jerry : oh , ya ' going ?
elaine : i told him i was busy .
jerry : ah , really .
elaine : so , we 're going out friday .
[ long pause ]
jerry : friday ?
elaine : yeah .
jerry : he 's going ' out with you on friday ?
elaine : yeah .
jerry : he 's supposed to see me on friday .
elaine : oh , uh , i did n't know .
jerry : we made plans .
elaine : well , uh , i 'll cancel it .
jerry : no , do n't cancel it .
elaine : huh . well this is a little awkward , is n't <UNK>
jerry : well , frankly it is .
elaine : i 've never seen you jealous before .
jerry : well you 're not even a fan . i was at game six - you did n't even watch it .
elaine : wait a second wait a minute , you jealous of him or you jealous of me ?
[ long pause ]
jerry : any hennigans around here ?
[ phone rings ]
jerry : vandaley industries , <UNK> <UNK> speaking . may we help you ? ... oh hi keith . na , i was just <UNK> ' around
jerry : no . no . i do n't mind at all .
elaine : [ whispers ] no , no , no , i can cancel .
jerry : sure , we can do something next week .
elaine : [ whispers i can cancel .
jerry : no , its no problem at all .
elaine : [ whispers ] i , ...
jerry : okay , take it easy . [ hangs up ] that was keith . we 're going to do something next week .
[ kramer enters ]
kramer : hey
jerry : hey what are you doing friday night ?
jerry : friday night ? nothin ' , ... now .
kramer : okay , wan na come with me and see the baby ?
jerry : fasten your seat <UNK> . we 're goin ' to see the baby .
kramer : come on , if you do n't see the baby now you 're never gon na see it
jerry : all right , i 'll go
kramer : all right
[ jerry exits with garbage ]
[ kramer sits beside elaine - awkward moment ]
[ phone rings ]
kramer : <UNK> . what <UNK> industries ?
elaine : no no , ..
george : [ from bathroom ] vandaley , say vandaley !
kramer : na , you 're way way way off .. well , yeah that 's the right number but this is an apartment
george : [ from bathroom ] vandaley , say <UNK> ... [ george falls ] ... vandaley industries , ...
kramer : no problem , ... no problem . [ hangs up ] ... how did you know who that was ?
[ jerry enters - sees george on the floor ]
jerry : and you want to be my latex salesman .
[ notice magazine is on wrong side on the floor ]
the end